second , comprehensive management of comprehensive management .
to speed up the development of the world economy , china must merge with this background , enhance its international status , and enhance its comprehensive national strength , and enhance its international status .
article 20 the renminbi prototype are responsible for the renminbi issuance of the renminbi issuance funds , and the people 's bank of china is responsible for the renminbi .
at the turn of the new century , people of all walks of life in all circles have begun to take advantage of the new millennium as a new development trend in the world .
this is the concern of the rocket .
china must follow the first step of manned spaceflight and will be good .
however , many scientists and technicians have found that china 's development of science and technology are far behind the development of science and technology .
from the middle east , the balkans , or other countries have never engaged in the balkans ; nor have it to intervene in the balkans , nor have it lost its intervention in the middle east affairs .
it has been learned that the cppcc national committee will focus on the work of hong kong , macao , and taiwan , and taiwan , as the cppcc national committee , will focus on the work of overseas chinese and macao .
it is precisely the reason that the vast numbers of developing countries have also realized that only by joining the wto will they be able to change their international economic order and gradually change their participation and cooperation .
beijing , 15 feb (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that china and russia are aimed at safeguarding national defense and territorial integrity .
in 1995 , eu foreign policy committee member gu jian said in his european union should jointly establish a " european security mechanism with the european union and european union in an all - round manner . "
the communist party of china is full of vigor and vitality .
in fact , the domestic economic structure has been declining , and the domestic inflation rate has been declining , and the rate of inflation rate has been declining , and the rate of inflation rate has been declining .
in january this year , the xinhua news agency began to officially opened up a large number of nuclear products with the french products and started to officially build a large - sized nuclear power plant in <unk> and <unk> - <unk> - <unk> - <unk> - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tunisia highly appreciated china 's achievements in its economic and social development and praised the policies of the chinese leaders .
comprehensively promoting the comprehensive change of china 's comprehensive promotion of comprehensive changes .
xiao yang , president of the central people 's court , the supreme people 's court , the supreme people 's court , the central people 's court , the central committee , the central people 's court , the beijing , and the central people 's court , the beijing municipality , the law , and the other comrades attended the forum .
only by moving toward reunification will taiwan be a future of the motherland be a future .
shi guangsheng thanked him for this .
wu bangguo said : over the 15 years , the beijing people of all countries have made contributions to developing friendly exchanges between china and japan and the international community .
the white paper also pointed out that the " one country , two systems " is more relaxed than taiwan .
wang shaohong also introduced the method of setting up a clear idea of people who had been waiting for their errors in the field of field .
in the face of the current situation , the rural economic structure and the changes in the rural areas must be changed from a strategic perspective to the adjustment of the rural economic structure and the quality of the cadres and the masses .
wang yi also exchanged views on international and regional affairs and regional affairs and reached a consensus on the issue of mutual concern .
this determines that the chinese working group has made the road of separation and reunification , but it is doomed to failure .
the material objects of the material objects of the material and material expenditure are mainly attributed to the two kinds of goods ( such as material ) .
we hope that the compatriots on both sides of the strait will choose the road of peaceful reunification , and make a wise choice .
the main theme of reform of state - owned enterprises is to be a major theme of the reform of state - owned enterprises .
at the meeting , li peng made a speech at the meeting of the leading cadres to give a speech on " three stresses " education .
members of the motions accounted for <unk> percent of the total number of cppcc members .
general secretary jiang listened to the reports made by general secretary jiang zemin , and he was satisfied with the development of the company .
education departments and schools should strengthen and improve education and improve the work of society and society .
recently , the international competitiveness of china 's international science and technology research center has aroused the attention of the world 's top - level international competitiveness .
the " speech " drew a good attention from the party committees and governments at all levels and governments at all levels , and the chinese people 's liberation education , and the demands on the vast land of the vast land .
to solve these problems , we must make joint efforts to bring about a better understanding of the entire society and the entire society .
whoever can seize the opportunity to resolve the human rights issue , and be able to seize the opportunity to grasp the opportunities and be able to seize the opportunity of the world .
the npc standing committee should hold a five - year plan for the national economic and social development , the draft plan for the five - year plan for national economic and social development , and the draft plan for the long - term development .
some western countries have advocated " human rights above sovereignty " and are above sovereignty .
how to resolve the taiwan issue is china 's determination and capability to safeguard the state sovereignty and territorial integrity and to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
ms. robinson said that china is very much concerned about the success of the human rights conference and that it would help strengthen exchanges and cooperation between the asian countries on human rights issues .
the three sino - us joint communiques and the united states have completely violated the principles of international law and the one china principle and the three sino - us joint communiques .
he first reviewed the work of the cppcc over the past year .
at the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee , li ruihuan first examined and approved the agenda of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
the state council will listen to the opinions and opinions of the leaders of the state council and the state council , and improve the quality of the leading bodies and efficiency of the leading cadres .
with the development of reform and opening up , the people 's congress system will play an increasingly important role in the development of the socialist modernization drive .
we should further step up the pace of reform , opening up , and speed up the development of the ecological environment , and actively readjust the ecological environment , and vigorously develop the infrastructure , and make greater efforts to promote the reform and opening up .
deputy wang <unk> suggested that we should earnestly strengthen the building of the teachers ' education , improve the quality of teachers , and strive to improve the teachers ' concept of teaching , and strive to improve the teachers ' education , and strive to improve the quality of teachers .
the qinghai - tibet railway will speed up the early - warning project , the project , the no. 2 project , the no. 2 project , the no. 2 project , the project , the project , the no. 2 project , the project , the project , the no. 2 project , the project , the project , the project , the no. 2 project , the project , the project , the project , the project
we must conduct a thorough investigation and examination and approval of the party 's line and principles and policies and discipline .
zeng peiyan said : through the recent two - year plan , china 's power supply has been eased up .
in addition , the national defense expenditures increased by <unk> percent .
li said : the proposal put forward by the bill is not a good external environment , but a few foreign countries have set forth a good example .
today , scientific , cultural , and cultural exchanges are developing , and the world is increasing .
this must be seriously implemented and implemented in a timely manner , and the state 's policies must be promptly implemented in a timely manner , and a timely manner that the workers of the workers of various localities must be seriously implemented .
we should take the market as the center , develop the center , train , and develop industries with the advantage of the beijing municipality as the center , and develop the economy .
according to li peng , after the deputies ' speeches , president jiang zemin began his speech at the npc session .
because china 's domestic economy has a relatively perfect tariff rate , the rate of tariffs in 1998 , and the rate of tariffs in china 's domestic product are relatively high .
it is necessary to strengthen management of the work of combating corruption and encouraging honesty .
the chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region [ sar ] must unite around the chief executive and unite the chief executive of the chief executive , and ensure the authority of the chief executive tung chee - hwa 's administration .
for example , the labor - intensive industries have increased , and the employment of labor - intensive products will provide a large number of jobs for the domestic labor force .
whether the quality of the workers or the international level of production and operations are advanced , the quality of the ranks of the workers , or the quality of the ranks of the workers are large numbers of entrepreneurs , or the quality of the international market .
jiang zemin pointed out : the cpc central committee standing committee political bureau standing committee member and many other members have taken the lead in launching the " three stresses " education in counties and cities .
deputy zhao <unk> said : the case of the supreme people 's procuratorate has been involved in the case of investigation of the case . the case has been very conspicuous . the case has been investigated and handled by the procuratorate .
the npc standing committee 's request to express its support to the hong kong people 's congress standing committee in the basic law .
the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee held a meeting today .
foreign envoys in various countries will also attend the closing ceremony .
when china began to enter the world , science and technology , culture , and productive forces have been in many aspects , and the world 's productive forces have begun to enter a leading position .
judging from the information technology , the us military has fully used the capability of information technology to become a large - scale military .
last year , the state council organized seven backbone organizations to selected cadres of the poor quality of the poor and seven large - scale cadres in the country have been selected for seven large - scale cadres .
the chinese government 's " accession to the wto will be facing a new test of the world economy and society , especially in the future , will also meet the needs of the world economy and society .
deputies zhao <unk> , zhang <unk> , and li <unk> spoke at the meeting .
at that time , how will the chinese government protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity and territorial integrity again ?
at present , some congressmen have chosen china to make the door of the door of the door of the door of the door of the door to the congress .
we must speed up the strategic restructuring of the national economy and raise the overall quality of the national economy .
continue to implement the proactive fiscal policy and encourage investment and consumption to encourage the growth of the economy .
at a news conference this morning , tang shubei said : the taiwan issue is not the " taiwan independence " but the cross - strait reunification issue , but the arats is not a question of reunification .
we must do a good job in grasping the work of rectifying work , stressing the overall situation , and work in a down - to - earth manner , do things , do a good job in a down - to - earth manner , and do solid work , and work in a down - to - earth manner .
the responsible person said : over the past five years , the pboc has further strengthened the awareness of the pboc 's financial regulation and regulation capability , and the people 's bank of china has noticeably improved the level of the central bank 's bank 's bank .
in addition , " if you do not understand the differences between the two sides of the strait , you will not be able to see if you do not understand the peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait , " you will not be able to fight a threat .
as a chinese leader , i have very clear idea that this is very clear and resolute in china .
in the development of the productive forces , the backward regions is a realistic period of development , and the backward regions are not backward in china .
this is a country that has been engaged in separatist activities , and this is a country with a historical background .
the adoption of these measures were adopted to resolve these problems , such as the management of assets , the company planning to institute , reorganization , and transfer of assets , and so on , to check up a large - scale asset management means .
if the " taiwan independence " forces are allowed to separate taiwan from china , they will be attempting to separate taiwan from china . if they intend to separate taiwan from china , they will be able to engage in " taiwan independence " forces .
therefore , whether or not the one - china principle is willing to be recognized or not depends on whether or not the sincerity of the one - china principle is recognized or not , whether or not the country can be recognized or not the touchstone for peaceful reunification .
beijing , 21 mar ( xinhua ) - - the state - owned enterprises ' supervision and management mechanism is aimed at strengthening the supervision of state - owned enterprises .
chairman li peng expressed his gratitude to president sassou and his wife for the meeting .
the " taiwan independence " forces have no alternative but to resist the island and the island , and the defensive targets of defense and the defensive targets of the island are quite complicated .
in the face of such a situation , we must not sit down .
at the meeting , minister of the propaganda department of the cpc central committee , delivered a speech on the implementation of the " decision on further implementing the spirit of the state family planning commission " and the family planning commission , " and decided to implement the " decision on further implementing the work of family planning .
professor cheng <unk> said in his speech that he should " practice " democracy " and should be followed in the east china sea .
he believes that the people on both sides of the strait should support the one - china principle .
article 2 . the water conservation of the water conservation zones are set up in the water conservation of the water conservation zones , and other water sources of oil and salt .
this is a new training base of the nanjing military region .
under the circumstances , under the circumstances , economic globalization should be more good neighbors and good partners , and cooperation between the two countries should be strengthened , and the two countries should be good neighbors and good neighbors .
according to international law , the two countries will enjoy common ground while the two countries enjoy the same norms .
the " precision strikes " is now using modern warfare to attack precision strikes with precision strikes and precision strikes , and the use of modern warfare has become the main combat mode of modern warfare .
according to statistics , china 's exports to hi - tech products increased by <unk> percent in 1990 to 1990 .
why did the following the end of this way ?
these deputies have been successful in the market .
we should guide the cadres and masses to think about the direction of the masses , think of the masses , think of the masses , and think of the masses , and think of the orientation of the masses .
under the conditions of the system of exchanging personal income , the system of individual income tax is difficult to find out the system of exchanging personal income and personal income .
feng feng hu - hsiang said : chen shui - bian has always been the choice of the prc leader , and he has chosen the " three noes " that " the prc is one china , and the people 's republic of china is the same .
however , we have also soberly realized that many problems still exist in practice .
in the face of the law , the people said : " the laws are the people 's bank of china . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
this is a deliberate with li hongzhi 's own eyes , and his own power is all too clear .
sichuan has established a long - term development of china 's petroleum industry , including liaoning , sichuan , sichuan , and liaoning , with its <unk> industry as its <unk> , and so on , has established a total of 300 million industrial mineral resources .
hu jintao stressed : the chinese party and government have always treasured and developed friendly and cooperative relations with the chinese government , and will , as always , continue to make unremitting efforts to consolidate and develop sino - dprk friendly and cooperative relations .
we highly appreciate the great efforts .
finally , lamy reiterated the commitment of eu china 's participation in the wto as soon as possible .
the actual conditions of the system of individual deposit accounts should not be based on the " regulations " of the real - name system of individual deposit accounts , and the real - name system of individual deposit accounts should not be based on the real names of the real names .
ideological and political work is the fine tradition of our party .
in the face of the reality , he has been playing with the kmt , playing with the game , and playing a trick for playing with him .
he pointed out : we should place the development of the laws and laws and laws in light of the new situation and new problems .
although the development of electronic commerce is a huge and complicated project , the development of electronic commerce and the long - term nature of e - commerce is a complicated and complicated factors .
the registration of industrial and commercial administration organs should be found that they should be immediately brought to the registration of any other illegal business license or registration organizations that may be closed down .
the " one china " principle is supported by the hong kong people in the chief executive of hong kong .
lee teng - hui basically went to the point of " taiwan independence " and to engage in separatism .
wu bangguo stressed : it is necessary to comprehensively implement the responsibility system for all types of accidents and to comprehensively investigate and deal with accidents .
we believe that the mainland will carry out economic exchanges and cooperation with taiwan compatriots .
we should think of the whole country , think of thinking , and work together with the overall situation of thinking , and establish a good ideological foundation for the whole country .
as everyone knows , there is only one china in the world , taiwan is an inalienable part of china .
after the training of reserve forces , political commissar fang peijing was facing a new subject of pressure , and the regiment 's political commissar , and the regiment 's political commissar were facing a heavy task of how to deal with the military training tasks .
third , the goal of reform of the personnel system can be increased , and the mechanism for the reform of the personnel system can be increased .
taiwan compatriots have also visited the mainland . they have the same language . they have the same language . they have the same language and are also blood relatives and relatives of taiwan compatriots . they have the same language . they have the same language . they have the same language and they have the same language . they have the same language . they have also have the same language and they have the same language
in fact , it is not simple to simple problems .
we hope that the two countries will make joint efforts to promote the new century in a new century , and make greater progress in mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries .
we must resolutely crack down on cults according to law , crack down on cults according to law , and resolutely crack down on cults according to law .
the chinese government has made the greatest sincerity and hopes to taiwan compatriots and firmly believe that the chinese government will uphold the policy of peaceful reunification .
israeli prime minister <unk> said that president jiang zemin 's state visit to israel will definitely be given a new impetus to the development of bilateral relations and will be given new impetus to the development of bilateral relations .
therefore , under the leadership of the united nations , the united nations can only hold an international organization under the leadership of the un human rights , and can only hold an international organization under the leadership of the united nations .
in fact , ishihara has long been arrogant and arrogant and appealing to the people of the dprk , japan , and the rok have long been fully exposed in the extreme terms of the extreme intention of nationalism .
judging from the situation of foreign investment , china 's foreign capital has been operating normally in a row .
the united states has always been treating china as one of the developing countries as one of the excuses of the developing countries .
some media have reflected the viewpoint of the congress and the government 's viewpoint of interests and some groups and groups .
if the democratic party does not consider this issue , the chinese government will take the opportunity to put forward the bill on the human rights issue .
some cadres have also been conscious in the principle of observing discipline and leading cadres , and they will certainly lead to corruption .
what is surprising is that the visit to various countries have reached a deep - seated interference in internal affairs .
the leading cadres at county ( city ) level should also be reformed .
south africa is an important cooperation in many fields and is of great development in the cooperation between the two countries .
he also expressed his thanks to south africa for its support to the one - china principle and specifically express his thanks to the chinese government for its valuable support to south africa .
although china and yugoslavia have established diplomatic ties , the two countries have been developing rapidly . the two sides have established diplomatic ties , and cooperation has been making concrete achievements in the past .
he said that although he was " smooth , " he believes that the results of the vote will be smooth , and the results of the vote will be smooth .
the labor - social security system can be guaranteed by the workers of the workers of the labor - intensive workers and staff members and workers of the minimum livelihood of the minimum livelihood of the minimum livelihood of the minimum living expenses .
he said : the chinese people have the greatest say that human rights conditions for the chinese people have the right to speak of .
he also answered questions on the korean peninsula and the situation on the korean peninsula .
what is the new views of the " taiwan political bureau " ?
from the military parade to the military parade , the military parade is unprecedentedly lively and organized by the military to the military to study and education activities of the people 's republic of china .
however , the reason for the ideological and political work is that the military struggle is not established in the sense of the sense of the ideological and moral qualities of the military struggle is not yet established .
in particular , the increasingly stronger armed forces should also expand their military strength in japan .
we should actively support the development of new technology , biotechnology , and new technologies , and technologies of the industry , and the industry , and the industry of the industry , and the industry , and the industry of the industry .
the association of industry and commerce should play a role in the association .
we should increase the means of teaching and teaching methods .
after the development of science and technology , the number of science and technology workers are generally higher than the next five years , but the standard of the environment is higher than the next decade .
in the course of carrying out this campaign , all localities should also launch activities to " drug - related activities " activities in the building of communities .
all these opinions are of the party history and the study of history of all the research of the party history .
the unchecked spread of pirated publications and authors have seriously damaged the quality of the scientists and artists , and authors , and all types of pirated works .
therefore , chen shui - bian 's attitude and attitude toward taiwan is the political and media that some of the united states have been able to have a clear attitude toward taiwan 's future and the united states .
our military 's advanced nature determines the advanced nature of our military .
as far as china 's accession to the wto is concerned , china 's shipbuilding industry is both an opportunity and a challenge to china 's entry .
ishihara 's china has always advocated the sixth country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
it is estimated that the satellite will officially be officially launched next year .
in the 1980 s , japan 's economic competitiveness was at a low ebb in the 20 th century , and the us economy was at a low ebb .
zhang qiyue pointed out : china has always advocated the principle of " peaceful coexistence " and the most fundamental principle of the five countries .
therefore , we should vigorously advocate the ideological and political work in a perfunctory manner .
some comrades believed that the united states had studied and had also made a plan to deal with the work .
experts and scholars stressed that peaceful reunification is the fundamental interests of the chinese people on both sides of the strait .
on the other hand , the problem of the small islands is narrow , and the problem of being weak .
the focus of the agricultural structure is to readjust the agricultural structure .
some peasants said : " in the township and town , the peasants have become " taxes " and fees collected according to the provincial authorities , " but the tax collection has become " in some townships .
the key to improving the quality of the people is to enhance the quality of the country 's education , and the development of education , and the human resources .
third , as the development of the economy and social insurance industry is far from being enhanced , the people 's living standards are far - reaching the needs of the people 's living standards .
the principle of sovereignty and human rights is an important cornerstone of the basic principle of the development of the country 's human rights , and is the prerequisite for ensuring the healthy development of the human rights cause .
there is no way out for the present moment .
a journalist said : " once a major political character is made , it is necessary to clearly understand the nature of this reporter . "
the higher authorities have also stepped up the information of the police to the higher authorities , and the police authorities have intensified their information on the spot .
therefore , annan stressed that the international community attaches importance to the role of non - governmental organizations and nongovernmental organizations and also stressed that " non - governmental organizations " should attach importance to the role of nongovernmental organizations and nongovernmental organizations .
why is it really not possible that taiwan compatriots really use force ?
looking back over the past 20 years , under the prerequisite of one china , we have already made many concessions in the development of cross - strait relations , and there have been many precondition for promoting the development of cross - strait relations .
for a long time , the united states has been focusing on pressure on taiwan , and the united states has been focusing on " increasing trade with taiwan , " and has been focusing on the united states for a long time to concentrate its utmost attention on taiwan .
the important thinking of " three represents " is the most important idea of leading cadres , and leading cadres , and leading cadres have taken the lead in realizing their ideal and conviction in building socialism with chinese characteristics .
the results of his administration show that since the beginning of march , tung chee - hwa 's <unk> has been greatly <unk> .
if this result was not worth it , it would be like a <unk> of the old <unk> of the old <unk> .
zhou <unk> , chairman of the china securities regulatory commission , spoke at the meeting . he was elected chairman of the china council of the people 's bank of china , and chairman of the china council of the foreign affairs committee .
however , since the central authorities ' support for the three gorges project , the state has decided to support the local authorities in the three gorges reservoir region , and the local provinces and municipalities will provide support for the three gorges project to support for the three gorges project .
the united states has suddenly turned into a " offensive " nuclear disarmament " and has become a " <unk> " <unk> " of the nmd program .
this is the law of the people 's minds and the spirit of being modest and dangerous .
in particular , the focus of trade disputes caused by the non - tariff zone in the past , and especially the textile industry .
these erroneous trends cannot be mistaken and influence .
so long as the central authorities continue to implement the policy decision of the national economy and maintain a good momentum of development , it will certainly be possible to maintain a good momentum of development .
this is a scene of a team of the red army .
taipei , 24 apr (zts) - - after returning to the hong kong to taipei university , taipei mayor ma ying - jeou , chairman of the association of taiwan studies , will return to taipei to the hong kong to the mainland to taipei university .
on 25 october , wu yi was founded , chairman of the academy of social sciences , and was established in front of the academy of sciences .
with the continuous development of the economy , the people 's living standards will be raised .
both sides expressed satisfaction over the development of the strategic cooperative partnership between the two countries in the new century and expressed satisfaction over the development of bilateral relations .
in response to a reporter 's question , she said that she was shocked by the chinese industry , and that the reason why the women had shocked the enemy .
the central military commission decided to implement the strategy of training in science and technology and to implement the strategy of strengthening the military training of the navy and the unit 's combat capability , and to implement the strategy of strengthening the training of the military .
the entire province will also make a number of key projects to build a number of key air defense projects in the entire province .
we should strengthen the management of water resources , and conscientiously intensify the management of water resources .
in order to maintain health , li hongzhi 's spiritual control and health care of " falungong " practitioners fully shows that they have the essence of " falungong " practitioners .
he reiterated the yugoslav government 's adherence to the one - china principle and its principled stand on settling the taiwan issue and the one - china principle .
although the two sides of the strait have not yet been reunified , the two sides of the strait still have not yet been reunified , and china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity have not been reunified .
li peng stressed : reform and opening up are an important aspect of the development of china 's economy , and we must correctly handle the relations with chinese characteristics .
they are proud of the chinese people , and we must have strength to build our motherland into a life . "
in reviewing the past year , we have again launched a profound talk of the united states in kosovo .
in his speech , the united states , the western allies and allies have openly expressed their support for the development of the anti - ballistic missile system and the united states .
ladies and gentlemen : with the arrival of the new century , china will enter a new stage of development , and modernization will enter a new stage of development .
it has been reported that kim chong - il has created a very good precedent for the summit .
however , the improvement of the technical progress has not become the main driving force for the enhancement of the chinese economy .
syria 's economic foundation is weak , and the economy is weak .
on the one hand , after the party central committee , the party central committee and the central committee decided to strengthen leadership over the work of the army , and resolutely support the army 's leading comrades in the army , and resolutely put into effect the red army .
in late may , lee teng - hui advocated that he advocated " taiwan independence " and " in late may .
the water is an important source of water , and the water is the source of water .
this fact has proven that the truth of science and technology has been countless .
what is the problem that is not something that we should be prepared to do ?
wen jiabao pointed out : china 's agricultural production has always been a prominent impact on the people 's livelihood and the people 's livelihood . in particular , the flood of production is particularly prominent .
editor 's note : our party attaches great importance to ideological and political construction .
slovakia is one of the key foreign policy of the slovak foreign relations .
we express appreciation and appreciation for this .
although the party and the government have seriously damaged the image of the party and the masses , they have seriously affected the overall situation of reform , development , and stability in the party and the government .
recently , the state administration of industry and commerce administration of industry and commerce have made all - round arrangements for the whole country to comprehensively deal with all - round activities in a unified manner .
due to the fact that the fact that britain has become more and more serious in the form of human smuggling , the britain has become more and more serious .
penghu city has a permanent dwelling on permanent dwelling on permanent dwelling on refugee land .
for example , if we do not go out to " go out , " go out to " go out , " go out to the enterprises , " go out to go out to the enterprises , " go out to go out to the enterprises , " go out to go out to the enterprises , " go out to the enterprises ' interests , " go out to go out to the enterprises , "
experts believe that the chinese government has already reached consensus on opposing monopolies and opposing monopolies .
at the same time , china is opposed to any country in any name as the name of any country and to provide any official visits to the dalai lama .
it is learned that this exercise will be held in the us military exercise in the pacific region this year .
there are many aspects of education and the national defense education .
( 5 ) the transfer of assets and the transfer of assets shall be sold .
premier zhu rongji warmly welcomed premier zhu rongji on his visit to bulgaria .
development is the last word and the key to solving all problems in china .
the cold war pattern is formed in the world pattern of two major camps .
if he is realized , the first visit to the north and the south , he could be realized , and the reunification of the motherland will be realized .
although the end of the cold war , regional conflicts and conflicts have been continuously eased and conflicts have been eased .
what is the deployment of the nmd system ?
the " opinions " pointed out : the strategic task of the western region is to support and support the military 's long - term strategic task .
looking at the historical experience , the party should first be paid to the nature of its members and program .
all these tasks cannot accomplish the development of science and progress .
according to a source , since beijing has made a breakthrough in the political , economic , military , and military , the united states will not have a breakthrough in sino - us relations , and there will be a breakthrough in the future .
" money diplomacy " is a purely empty talk .
in a short period of 30 years , there were only 30 people in the explosion accident , and the explosion was shocking .
at the same time , the heads of state of kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , and tajikistan will sign a border agreement .
china and tajikistan have great potential for economic cooperation .
premier zhu rongji will begin an official visit to italy at the first 30 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and italy .
doing a good job in developing small towns and townships is also the product of economic construction .
the people from our party came from the people .
he said that president jiang zemin frequently visited china last year when he visited him .
so long as we welcome the one - china principle , we welcome them to visit .
of course , what kind of thing is horrible .
on the morning of 6 april , president jiang zemin visited turkmenistan and accompanied president niyazov to express his heartfelt congratulations to the memorial hall of the war .
this is the true features of the barbaric acts of the united states led by the people of the world to the world who led by the united states .
they highly appraised the leaders of the six countries to visit china in recent years , and hoped that the leaders of the six countries would further expand their exchanges of political stability , economic development , and further expand exchanges of visits to china .
the state council has made new progress in managing the management of the management of the state council according to law , and the level of management of enterprises has been raised .
all departments should carry out the reform of the budget , draw up a rational budget for the budget , and lay down the budget for the budget , and lay down the budget for the budget , and lay down the budget for the budget for the implementation of the budget for the budget .
we have rich human resources and have a rich country with rich natural resources .
however , it is impossible to recognize that " one country , two systems " is not a good thing . it is impossible to recognize the principle of " one country , two systems , " and it is impossible to recognize the new things .
now , the united states has ignored the international disarmament process , and the " abm treaty " and the united states will totally revise the abm treaty , and the development of the anti - ballistic missile treaty , and this will enable the international disarmament process to yield a halt and disarmament process .
we must strengthen the building of spiritual civilization and promote the building of spiritual civilization in the new situation , and this important link to all the activities of building of spiritual civilization in the new situation .
therefore , when drawing up the efforts to prevent corruption , it is necessary to strengthen the internal supervision over the selection of judges , and establish a mechanism for judges .
premier zhu and his entourage arrived here on the evening of 9 november to begin official visit to italy and his entourage in the evening of 9 th , and his entourage .
zhu lilan , minister of science and technology , presided over the forum .
it is learned that the arms manufacturers will sell arms to the us arms manufacturers .
he stressed : all localities and departments should personally assume the responsibility of the work in the localities and departments , departments , and the principal responsible persons of various localities and departments should personally assume the work in their work , and make arrangements for the work arrangements .
in particular , enterprises , enterprises , and individuals must be punished according to law , and those who are punished according to law , and those who are punished according to law should be punished according to law .
however , the " three represents " is not only the first generation of our party , but also the faithful representative of the " three represents " and will also faithfully put forward the " three represents " and will faithfully put forward the party 's history of the " three represents . "
the historical issue is the first two steps to resolve the historical issue of how to resolve the historical issue of socialism and how to build socialism .
this will enable us to understand the importance of the " three represents " in history .
the chinese and foreign experts and scholars have long been deeply concerned about the development of tibetan culture and art research center , and the chinese and foreign experts and scholars have drawn wide attention of chinese and tibetan studies .
the eu and china have strongly felt strong wish to further expand economic and trade cooperation with all countries .
- - - the consensus of mutual understanding and expanding consensus .
when answering a question on china 's economic circles , the business circles and business circles warmly applauded .
china 's foreign policy is one of the key points of china - eu relations .
xu kuangdi also briefed the guests on the us guests on shanghai 's economic and social development .
to gradually open the wto , china must abide by the commitments made by the wto rules and regulations .
these experiences have laid a solid foundation for us to open up new vistas for the cadres and personnel system , and have laid a solid foundation for achieving new breakthroughs in the reform of the cadre personnel system .
at the same time , the western hostile forces have also been attempting to strike hard and stop the " falungong " cult organization .
the two countries have gradually developed cooperation in the fields of energy , communications , communications , and other fields have been gradually improved .
when a small number of cases occurred , a small number of soccer fans should be resolutely punished according to law .
after the end of the cold war , russia has continually developed its relations with the dprk , russia , and russia has declined its influence on the economy , and its relations with the dprk , and russia has declined its influence on the latter 's economy .
the second half of this year , fujian 's anti - smuggling activities are now being launched in fujian .
the gulf war is directly affected by the region , but the region is directly affected by the region 's war , and the region is directly affected by the region 's war .
china attaches great importance to developing economic and trade relations with russia and believes that the two sides have a high degree of ability to promote the development of bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
zhu bangzao made these remarks when answering a reporter 's question .
now , the troops have taken the initiative in the report .
the state - owned commercial banks were state - owned commercial banks , and the proportion of the state - owned commercial banks were <unk> percent , and the proportion of other commercial banks were maintained a high rate of <unk> percent .
frank hsieh said that the mainland and taiwan are " a country 's territory " and " that it is still not a " country 's territory " and that it is still a country 's territory .
the third - stage plan will be completed .
if the dprk is willing to use the rocket to carry out research on the korean peninsula , it is willing to provide a foreign country with a total of other countries to carry out research on the korean peninsula .
the result of the improvement of the treatment of the treatment of the treatment of the treatment of the country is a result of improvement .
frank hsieh again expressed his wish to visit taiwan to kaohsiung on the day of the dead bodies .
the meeting were responsible comrades of the state council ( municipality ) departments of the state council , and the municipality of the municipality , and the municipality of the municipality of the municipality ( municipality ) , and the municipality of the municipality , and the municipality of the municipality , and the municipality of the municipality of the municipality , and the municipality of the municipality .
tang jiaxuan said : china and india are both developing countries , as the largest developing country in the world , and both are both developing countries , and both shoulder common tasks of economic development and the common living standards of the people .
however , when the public security authorities had long been carrying out underground gambling , the public security personnel had long been waiting for a time .
when people are not satisfied with the <unk> , they are often satisfied with the <unk> and <unk> .
through the efforts of the two major industries , the state - owned enterprises have made important progress in the work of extricating themselves from difficulties from difficulties , and the number of enterprises have made great progress in the work of extricating themselves from difficulties .
" the brink of the precipice ! "
the one - china principle is the trend of history , and is also an irreversible trend of the entire people on both sides of the strait , including the taiwan compatriots .
hu <unk> said : the cpc central committee and the state council have made tremendous achievements in cracking down on smuggling and smuggling .
china appreciates the valuable support of the chinese side on the taiwan issue .
marx pointed out : " the dominant position of the rule of material relationships is only reflected in the dominant position in the relationship between the rule of material relationships . "
the americans have a strong economic strength to fight a modern war .
jiang zemin said : we cannot regret the palestinian side 's status , and the united states have reached a final agreement on the final status of palestine and israel .
new york , 21 september (zts) - - us president bill clinton said that china is one of the most important items for the united nations in early september .
in february this year , the dprk and russia signed the " treaty of good neighborly friendship and cooperation treaty on mutual assistance " signed by the dprk and russia in february this year .
we highly value the positive role of international and regional affairs .
we must always be vigilant against the " three represents " and always maintain the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , resolutely maintain the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , and resolutely safeguard the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , and the people .
" people are afraid of people who are afraid of difficulty . "
people are expected to see that economic globalization and the rapid growth of the 20 th century is getting increasingly intense and rapid , and the rapid rise of the economy in the 20 th century is becoming increasingly important .
the globalization of the economy includes liberalization of trade , and internationalization .
they analyzed the situation from the mainland to taiwan , and even the so - called " decisive battle offshore " is to shift the mainland to the taiwan from the mainland to a decisive battle outside the mainland .
after chen shui - bian 's inauguration speech , he put forward the " one china " principle , " and then he put forward the spirit of " one china , " and what he did he put forward the speech .
the renmin ribao adopted a network and a network , with the people 's daily , and the network , and the network , with the economy .
he stressed : we will not make concessions on the one - china principle .
not long ago , we have visited the united states .
in addition , some investors have also confidence in taiwan 's investors .
on 20 may , chen shui - bian openly declared that he would not abolish the " national unification guidelines " and would not be abolished .
the united nations millennium summit was the first time in new york . the united states was the first group of chinese cities in new york to take place in the place in the united nations .
jiang zemin said : although the country is developing countries , they are developing countries , they are shouldered with their own social systems , economic development level , and the level of development , and the level of the asian - pacific region is to safeguard their national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
he said : taxation organs have entrusted a certain means to the current tax collection and management law enforcement organs .
the two countries have also carried out close cooperation in international and regional affairs .
in the course of implementing the law , all localities and departments must pay attention to the implementation of the law and the implementation of the criminal procedure .
in order to gain a war , some people in other countries have been engaged in wars , launched a war of resistance against other countries , and have caused a war of resistance against others , causing people to gain a war , and to gain a hand in hand in hand in hand and to gain a war .
second , we must seriously handle the contradictions and disputes that affect social stability , and properly handle contradictions among the contradictions among the contradictions and disputes of the people .
qian qichen expressed his deep concern for the lives and property of taiwan compatriots and their lives and property inflicted heavy losses on the lives and property of taiwan compatriots .
" the specific measures shall be adopted by the state council .
after the visit , taiwan is an unavoidable fact . after 20 hours , taiwan 's visit to the mainland will be doomed to taiwan .
however , some people in the united states said that she did not report that she would be denied that the chinese christian religion would be denied in china because there are some specific conditions in the united states ' christian religion and that some of the chinese christian religion would be denied .
the meeting approved the state council 's budget for 2000 and the state council 's long - term treasury bonds to increase the input of 50 billion yuan in fixed assets input and the state council 's financial budget .
in carrying out reform , we should deepen the work style of teaching and development , improve the style of leadership , and the work style of teaching , and the education , and the important role of the teachers and members of the university in the education .
zhang quanjing said : comrade jiang zemin should make efforts to develop socialist and become a statesman of higher learning .
in 1997 , the publishing house of representatives published a total of 10 articles in 1997 and published a total of 10 articles .
this is because the responsibility of the people 's political awareness and professional life , and the masses ' responsibility , and the contradictions and conflicts and the real situation of the contradictions and conflicts and the contradictions of the people are the same .
answering a question raised by a reporter on the chinese government 's attitude toward " falungong " practitioners , he said : " falungong " does not have any more than 1,600 people who have died in the incident .
bai keming , director of the general office of the people 's liberation army , was also watching the " network " and director of the network news agency , " director of the network news agency , and director of the network news agency , and director of the network affairs office of the people 's network .
after the normalization of diplomatic relations between the dprk and italy , italy , italy , and the dprk , the first european union , established diplomatic relations with italy , and italy , thus enabling the dprk to establish diplomatic relations with italy to establish diplomatic relations with italy , and become the first european countries .
beijing , 28 aug ( xinhua ) - - the xinhua news agency published a signed article entitled " the history of aggression " which was published by the two historical documents : how can we treat the history of aggression ?
the meeting analyzed the guiding principles and guiding principles of old - age work , and further analyzed the guiding principles of old - age work , and made a clear guiding thought for the aged population , and further defined the guiding principles of the work of the aged population .
luo gan stressed : all localities and departments concerned should conscientiously study and analyze the methods of investigation and handling the contradictions and disputes , and make continuous efforts to explore effective ways of investigation and handling the contradictions and disputes and disputes that are carried out in a long - term basis .
the chinese government will continue to pursue a policy of friendship with japan .
according to the villagers ' committee , the village party committee and director village affairs department , the village party committee , was called " village cadres to send cadres to the village cadres to the village of village affairs office for cadres to the village . "
he has been consistently working hard to visit china in the fields of friendship and cooperation between the two countries , especially in the fields of friendship and cooperation between the two countries .
this is precisely a question that the vast number of developing countries are worried about this issue .
he personally visited the ordinary people , and personally witnessed the life of the two families , and provided a profound impression of life , and a happy life of the government .
he believes that only by vigorously developing the productive forces can we achieve this goal of peaceful coexistence and make great effort to achieve the goal of the country 's productive forces .
during his visit to cuba , he also held talks with foreign ministers of cuba and economic cooperation and trade minister tang jiaxuan in august on behalf of the two sides , and signed bilateral agreements and promoting economic development .
the " split " has enabled china to make china 's territory and to split up the country , and to make it impossible to split up our country , and to make it a complete split of the country .
as of this , the three stages of 2015 was $ 60 billion , and the total output value of $ 60 billion .
jiang zemin stressed : " the importance of doing a good job in grassroots work is not solid . "
now , china 's foreign trade is the seventh place in the world .
in his speech , sun <unk> pointed out : the chinese nation is a traditional family of the chinese nation and the traditional family of the great family of the chinese nation .
the international community immediately expressed their understanding of the us actions that the us move was immediately met with the international community .
the court sentenced liu <unk> to death for 15 years to imprisonment , chen <unk> , a court of <unk> yuan , and sentenced him to death for the crime of accepting bribes .
- - the three countries signed a joint agreement on the three baltic states .
from the practice of reform and opening up , the socialist system has brought tremendous benefits to people 's interests and benefits to understand the tremendous economic and social development of the socialist system .
the important thinking of " three represents " is a major criterion for our military academies and universities to train qualified personnel , and to train qualified personnel in the future development of our military .
swedish foreign minister anna lindh reiterated that the eu will continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
the cpc hopes that the chinese people will be able to better accomplish their own national conditions and do a better job in accordance with the chinese people 's national conditions .
tang jiaxuan said : we should earnestly implement these consensus on these aspects : 1 .
we are glad to have many friends and we are glad to have a new friend and are glad to see many friends .
today , they still have distortion of the news and even distort china 's press .
without xinjiang 's social stability , without the implementation of the environment , there will be no environment for development .
the military base has set up a good production line of cooperation with beijing .
if the economic blockade and trade war breaks out , the taiwan strait will suffer a serious impact on the economic blockade and trade development of the economy , many departments will suffer a serious impact on the economic blockade and trade situation in the taiwan strait .
the entire process of examination and approval of the entire process of examination and approval .
they want to obstruct sino - us relations through the bill and block the bill .
because of the pressure of the rural areas , the pressure of township enterprises have increased to a comparatively low - income gap between township and town enterprises , and township enterprises have increased to a relatively low - income gap .
this is why some western missionaries are linked to the imperialist invasion of the chinese people and the imperialist invasion of the western missionaries .
this exposition , which provides a correct basis for chairman jiang 's important expositions on ideological and political education , has provided a correct orientation for strengthening ideological and political education .
this was jointly sponsored by the central organization department of the science and technology and the state council for national defense science and technology .
present at the meeting were shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng , director of the state council 's office , and others were present at the meeting .
second , the united states has not achieved remarkable results in its aircraft carrier combat planes .
the third category will be the second category and the telecommunications network telecommunication network .
although russia has a major position in the foreign affairs of the west , it has almost changed its position in the east and west .
the meeting urged all units to comprehensively strengthen the building of grass - roots units , promote the work of the armed forces , and promote all - round improvement of the units ' work in the light of the reality of the general requirements of the general requirements of the general public .
this shows that china 's economy has gradually recovered a high - speed foreign trade crisis , and the economy has gradually entered the track of a shadow of the asian financial crisis .
what is the system of civil air defense building and the system of the people 's air defense system built ? [ peng guangqian ] the civil air defense system is a complex system of " building a complex air defense system , " which is a complex project of the people 's air defense work .
the state has gradually developed the urban civil air defense network , and the urban people 's air defense has gradually improved , more than half of the entire region has gradually reached more than 100 percent , and more than 35 percent of the people 's air defense projects .
since 1998 , the provincial party committee standing committee has made a report on the work of the provincial public security department in 1998 , and has made a report on the enforcement of the provincial public security department .
in the ninth five - year plan , the people 's living standards can be achieved in urban and rural areas , and the goal of the ninth five - year plan will be fulfilled by the end of this year .
we should strengthen the building of the contingent of news and the building of the contingent of news and the work style .
leading comrades of the party and government at all levels must conscientiously study and handle the cases of cheng kejie and hu changqing , especially principal leading cadres , to raise the political awareness of the cadre , and to a high degree of centralization .
we must resolutely punish corrupt practices and take a firm attitude : first , we must resolutely punish corruption .
washington , 30 mar ( xinhua ) - - the second day , china 's capital of life , was on 30 november .
the vatican also expressed the hope that the vatican will not change its policy toward china , and not change its policy of returning to the wto .
after the completion of the agreement , the spanish side went to fujian to the spanish side , spain , and fujian , and spain , and spain , and china moved to the same boat .
wang yingfan pointed out : the developed countries should further open the developed countries , and further open the developed countries to the developed countries , and effectively help the developing countries solve the issue of the market to reach an earlier date .
the olympic games is the glory of the motherland and the athletes of the athletes !
only by administering the country strictly administering the ranks of officials can we ensure that the " administer , " and " manage officials strictly manage the government strictly .
the government is still not able to do so .
of course , the mainland can also be considered from a negative angle .
many people believe that " falungong " is a tool of the local people 's political organization .
this means that the " official person " can be able to get rich first .
he stressed : this forum is an important event in the history of sino - african relations in the new century . it is of great significance to promoting the development of sino - african relations in the new century .
china and japan have a good prospects for the development of economic and trade cooperation in the 21 st century .
china has sincerely helped algeria build and developed a sincere and independent country .
li peng said : china is far apart from togo and shandong , but it is far apart from each other .
zhou enlai stressed that the responsibility of the japanese people and the japanese people are the same as that they are not victims of the war of aggression .
during president jiang 's visit to japan , ambassador to japan , china , japan , and the trade projects , economic , trade , science and technology , and education , and other projects , have signed a wide range of issues .
the formation of the formation of the warship formation of warships .
he pointed out that at present , the cpc central committee and the state council are very concerned about this , and the current serious water shortage in the north .
we advocate " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " is not a principle of the people of taiwan . we should change the current system of peaceful reunification and the people in taiwan .
tokyo , 14 oct (zxs) - - chinese premier zhu rongji attended a news conference today .
these achievements were not easily attained by the university of painstaking efforts made by the people of the university and the painstaking struggle of the people of the university .
the gdp increased by <unk> percent in 1995 , and the gdp increased by <unk> percent in 1995 , and the gdp increased by <unk> percent in 1995 . the figure is expected to be increased from <unk> percent in 1999 .
he said : china has a long history and splendid culture .
the " enemy " ships suddenly broke out in the " enemy " and the " enemy " enemy " ship " in the " enemy 's assault , " enemy " enemy " ships were in the fierce battle , and the enemy 's assault group was in the fierce battle .
this is a major event in china 's overall living standards .
third , contents are rich in content .
he said : he hoped that these countries will fully understand the seriousness of the overall situation and seriousness of sino - japanese relations and cooperation , and that china will allow lee teng - hui to truly carry out the seriousness of the " one - china " principle and earnestly safeguard the overall situation of sino - japanese relations .
( 2 ) vigorously promoting asia - europe cooperation and expanding .
since last year , the situation on the korean peninsula has been increasing , and its neighboring countries have continued to adjust their relations with neighboring countries and regions .
at that time , lien chan said that at the end of last year , the taiwan must develop long - range missiles .
according to the new plan , the project of building new projects should be built according to the plan , and the living standards of the project will be built in the next year .
the direct shipping of the mini three links will be opened to the outside world next year .
the system of confrontation and confrontation will no longer be a system of confrontation with the future hi - tech warfare .
in the historical period , china 's industrial structure is in a number of laid - off workers , and some irrational structures , and the problem of redundant construction is getting more serious .
without political stability , the plan will be good , and the plan for the society will be good .
these have enabled the united states to increase its ties with the dprk .
at present , we should comprehensively strengthen guidance , guidance , and guidance , and guidance for the future development of the western region , and make a down - to - earth manner .
china 's satellite navigation satellite is also the case in the other ocean engineering projects .
strengthening friendship and maintaining peace and security is of great significance to the people of the two countries and the people of asia and the world .
beijing , 17 apr ( xinhua ) - - the state council held a televised conference today to conduct thorough investigation of fake and shoddy products , and to organize fake and shoddy products to conduct fake and shoddy products in light of the current activities of counterfeit and shoddy products .
they said that china 's economic development is not only very important for china 's economic development but also to have made them feel great interest in the world .
only by continuously resolving the problems encountered in the course of reform can judicial reform be resolved . only by establishing a judicial system can the chinese characteristics be resolved .
he said : despite the smooth development of relations between the two countries in the world , there have been a smooth change in the past half century , and there have been many changes in the world .
hu jintao fully affirmed the important role of the people on both sides of the strait in promoting economic and cultural exchanges and cooperation between the two sides of the strait , and fully affirming the common understanding of the people on both sides of the strait .
wu yi said : the current meeting is a seminar of the chinese government and departments in promoting the development of electronic commerce and the development of modern e - commerce and business cooperation .
the fact that chen shui - bian did not have any consensus , but he did not have any consensus of the " 1992 consensus . "
wei jianxing also spoke positively of the two countries ' relations and hoped that the two parliaments would continue to make positive efforts to promote the development of bilateral relations and cooperation .
the law stipulates : " the state encourages the people 's governments at all levels , and the people 's governments at all levels , especially the enterprises , should encourage and guide them to invest in the creation of new and high - tech industries , and new and new - tech industries .
when chairman li peng 's visit to russia , he pointed out that the economic and trade cooperation between china and russia should be strongly complementary to each other 's potential and the two sides should be strongly complementary to each other 's strategic partnership .
chen shui - bian 's " theory " has been filled with such a result of the results of chen shui - bian 's administration .
besides , the new bush administration will certainly maintain friendly relations with the chinese communists , and will certainly promote the development of relations with the chinese communists .
to enhance understanding and develop dialogue , it is necessary to enhance understanding and understanding of all countries in the world .
the development of science and technology not only involves the development of science and technology but also involves the development of science and technology .
in his speech , li ruihuan said : " the speech is still under the unified , unity , stability , and development of the speech , and prosperity and stability .
the so - called " resignation " is only a pretext for a time to come to a third , but it is hoped that the political pluralism in the central committee will take place within a long time .
npc deputy chairman li boyong of the npc standing committee , hoped that the npc committees will further implement the law enforcement committees of the autonomous region , and play a good role in implementing the law enforcement of the villagers committees .
he said : over the past 50 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and finland , bilateral relations have developed continuously .
after the cold war , the soviet union and eastern europe were not eliminated because of the cold war pattern , and the soviet union did not have the black world pattern .
strengthening good - neighborly and friendly relations between china and laos conforms to the fundamental interests of the two peoples .
in the future , we should pay attention to developing the west , and take measures to build a long - term development plan .
( 2 ) the wind speed of the wind speed ( <unk> ) and the wind speed of the wind will be over 500 meters ; the wind will be over 500 meters ; the wind transmission is over 500 meters ; and the wind transmission is over 500 meters .
chi haotian first conveyed president jiang zemin 's cordial regards and best wishes to president bouteflika . he also asked chi haotian to convey his cordial regards and good wishes to president bouteflika .
on the same day , bush issued a speech on television .
qiu xiaohua held that the three criteria for the government 's promotion of housing reform and the housing reform of cities in cities and the three - point charges for housing was raised , and the increase of the number of urban residents ' wages and the government also increased .
the chinese side is willing to maintain good coordination and cooperation with brunei .
the " declaration " issued by the chinese communist party " says that this is a country with a sense of consciousness , and this is precisely a sense of consciousness , and it is precisely a country that can be eliminated by the " declaration " of china 's reunification .
we should fully understand the importance of the " three represents " and the importance of doing a good job in ideological and political work in the new century , fully understand the importance of doing a good job in the ideological and political work , and do a good job in doing a good job in the education , and do a good job in preventing and doing a good job in the " three represents . "
the famc shall formulate a method of managing the famc for managing the famc 's assets management of the famc .
china is willing to further expand friendly cooperation in petroleum , petroleum , petroleum , petroleum , petroleum , and other areas . china is willing to explore new ways of cooperation in petroleum , petroleum , petroleum , petroleum , and other areas .
second , we should strengthen the construction of water conservation technology and water conservation facilities .
it is necessary to do a good job in preventing floods from the people 's livelihood , and to do a good job in preventing floods in the areas of floods , and to prevent floods from floods from floods in the areas .
zhu rongji expressed his warm welcome to asean leaders and expressed satisfaction over the positive response to the positive progress of the development of bilateral relations over the past year . he also expressed his warm welcome to asean leaders and expressed his warm welcome to asean countries .
the " three stresses " : the inter - party group has the so - called " three - party group .
the ministry of defense revealed that the ministry of defense will not sell new high - level officials to the ministry of defense and the ministry of defense to sell new high - level officials and <unk> to the outside world .
second , they have made such a move to the united states , and this will not benefit the development of sino - us relations .
she pointed out that china hopes that the iraq issue will continue to play an important role in resolving the issue of just and rational solution .
the sef will accept the consensus of the sef and arats in the sef , and the sef will accept the contents of the sef 's verbal expression of the sef .
the whole party should conscientiously sum up and deepen the work of economic development , constantly deepen the understanding of the law of the whole party 's leadership and the law of the whole party , and constantly improve leadership ability to improve the overall situation of economic development .
tang jiaxuan also relayed his convenience to president jiang 's visit to china next year .
this has the authority of the contingent of companies and enterprises , and they should take the market as the conscious action of safeguarding the interests of the market , and truly protect the interests of the enterprises .
first , we must focus on improving the quality of rural grassroots cadres .
" what kind of work should we do in the future ? we should do our work and do our work in rectification and reform ? "
the participants expressed their great interest in the large - scale development of the country .
in the course of doing a good job in production and operation , we should do a good job in production and operation in the peasants ' production and operation .
he said : china and armenia support each other in international relations and cooperation , and that the two countries have maintained good cooperation .
jiang zemin stressed that only by upholding the party 's leadership over the united front , can we have a broad future of the chinese nation , and only through the concerted efforts of the chinese nation , can we achieve the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation be united front .
in the education , communications , telecommunications , entertainment , entertainment , and entertainment , entertainment , entertainment , entertainment , entertainment , entertainment , entertainment , and entertainment have gradually increased .
on the afternoon of 6 june , the republican party rejected the appeal of the florida supreme court for the manual vote count of the manual recounts in florida .
today , chinese authors , including freedom of speech , freedom of speech , freedom of speech , freedom of speech , freedom of freedom of speech , and freedom of speech .
he said that the total volume of imports and exports in china will reach $ <unk> billion this year .
a source disclosed that the central military commission recently held a meeting in beijing yesterday to hold a meeting in beijing .
asian financial crisis has become more profound , and people are suffering from the asian financial crisis .
the central government firmly supports the policy of " one country , two systems " and supports the macao sar government in accordance with the law .
li peng went to the comrades of the central authorities in the province to inspect the building of urban communities , and the work of urban communities , and li peng went to the comrades of the party central committee .
the localities have actively explored ways to explore the experiences of the experimental areas .
during the 10 th five - year plan period , china will launch 30 satellites , including satellite meteorological satellites , resource satellites , resource satellites , resource satellites , and satellites .
the united states was the first time in two months after the founding of the dprk , the world was the first batch of missiles , and the air force had created a record for a long time . i am the first to go to the world .
fifth , we should step up the efforts to safeguard the legal system and safeguard the source of the source .
this agreement will bring great significance to the north - south economic cooperation , and the south korean peninsula , especially the " north - south agreement " and the agreement on the building of the north - south economic construction .
therefore , bush has not explained the policy of the us presidential election or the republican party , but it has made more energy and energies to give them a greater consideration to the interests of the bush administration , and tax policies , and tax reductions .
of course , the new us administration will adopt specific policies to examine the current situation , and it is still hard to decide whether the new us administration will adopt a specific policy toward the united states .
it is learned that after the joint military commission , the ministry of national defense , the ministry of defense , the staff headquarters , and staff headquarters of the ministry of national defense , and staff headquarters , and staff headquarters , and staff headquarters , and staff headquarters , and the staff headquarters of the ministry , have been transferred to the staff headquarters .
this fully shows that macao can not only manage well , but also more people in macao .
however , as the first one - china principle was put forward by the mainland 's political consultative conference , he proposed a consensus on the one hand in 1992 .
the economic growth rate was <unk> percent , and the growth rate of 7 percent , and the european countries were 4 percent , and 3 percent economic growth rate was <unk> percent , and 3 percent in africa .
accompanied by edmund ho hau wah , president jiang zemin and his entourage arrived in macao on 6 april to attend the meeting .
reporter : after you answered macao 's question , you have made a speech . "
beijing , 12 jan ( xinhua ) - - state council vice premier wu bangguo instructed the national security work conference to intensify law enforcement and supervision and inspection and supervision work in the course of law enforcement and supervision work .
the vast numbers of residents should be given to the masters of the country .
the " new taiwan authorities " special administrative region " also pointed out that the key points of " is to crack down on the " hong kong police and the " assisting the mainland to crack down on " cracking down on the " security of the mainland . "
the former cpc security bureau headed by liu <unk> , former director of the city public security bureau , was arrested by the former " <unk> " of the former director of the city public security bureau .
the shanghai - hong kong and macao are mainly centered on cracking down on the activities of cracking down on the taiwan strait .
participants said : the meeting must fully study and implement the spirit of the speech , fully serve the motherland , maintain the unity of the unity , and maintain the unity of the political , economic , and cultural development , and serve the motherland , and maintain the unity of the unity and unity of the motherland .
beijing , 19 dec ( xinhua ) - - the draft amendment to the law on national defense education , the draft revision of the draft amendment to the marriage law , and other draft laws , which was submitted to the first draft revision of the marriage law , will be submitted to the draft revision of the marriage law .
in this aspect , the draft law committee has increased the opinions of the draft amendments .
the number of members of the state are counted in los angeles .
the reason for the chinese community 's participation in the election is that the participation of the chinese community is an equal participation in the participation of the participation of the chinese community and the participation of the participation of the participation of the political affairs of the chinese and participation of the participation of the participation of the people in the participation of the participation of the political and participation of the participation of the participation of the
under the new circumstances , china 's sovereignty and security still has a serious threat to hegemonism and power politics , especially hegemonism and power politics , to defend national sovereignty and security , and to develop military power politics .
the open content of open elections should be publicly open .
we must adhere to the theme of the times , uphold the objective of seeking truth from facts , work , and work hard to improve the content of the overall situation , and work hard to improve the content of thought , and work , and work hard to gain a solid results .
however , the kmt 's political struggle is about to be tackled in the new century .
the current stage of war is : the united states does not seek independence , but to seek independence , to prevent taiwan from using force or to prevent the chinese communists from using force .
in the 20 th century , mao zedong and deng xiaoping have created the special conditions for the 20 th century .
the management of the workers of the workers ' management of the workers ' are all good at the same time .
it is learned that the ministry of science and technology will support the implementation of the plan for scientific and technological cooperation .
with the rapid development of the population , the sustained , rapid development of china 's population will pose a serious threat to the sustainable economic growth , and the sustained development of the population , and the sustained economic growth .
we should actively explore ways of exploring foreign investment funds to invest in the form of fund - raising funds .
the state will provide support for foreign countries ' technological and equipment and technology and equipment support for foreign countries in the western region .
the central departments concerned should strengthen their support and provide science and technology and services for the western region and the eastern region .
in his speech , he specifically pointed out that the work of party building next year has set explicit requirements for the work .
minister of science and technology , then director of the relevant policies and policies of the development of the western region , please give a briefing on the introduction of the policies of science and technology .
according to statistics , last year , the province has fully reflected the blood of the entire province 's total of blood and blood between the people of the province and the province .
they believe that china will become a big country in the next century , and will become a big country in the economic development .
at present , the state council has approved the approval of the development zones , and the development zones have been approved .
we believe that with the implementation of these projects , the goal of the western region will certainly be accomplished . "
in fact , the market in china has been in a buyer 's ability to raise its ability to sell its grain market , and its ability to taiwan .
in the long - term struggle , the cpc has integrated marxism with marxism building and integrating marxism with the realities of china and the chinese communists .
the county cpc committee and county bureau , county bureau , bureau , and county bureau director of the county bureau of the county bureau , has been investigated and handled according to the procedures for investigation , and continued investigation .
beijing , 20 aug (zxs) - - the reform of the market - oriented interest rates will be expected to observe the economic situation in china this year .
for the new year , the government has made the business opportunities for foreign - funded enterprises to invest in the mainland . for the business of foreign - funded enterprises , the business of the business of the mainland is very big .
the people 's army is now raising the overall combat effectiveness of military training , science and technology is steadily advancing , and the people 's army is steadily advancing in the cross - century reform of logistical construction , and the military 's combat effectiveness is steadily improving .
we should continue to improve the quality of the construction projects , improve the quality of the treasury bonds , reduce the effectiveness of state bond - funded projects , and ensure the effectiveness of the construction of the treasury bonds , and reduce the effectiveness of bad debts , and ensure the effectiveness of the construction of the treasury bonds .
if this is delayed for the setbacks of various kinds of mistakes , it will be easy to deal with setbacks .
donald rumsfeld , who was nominated as secretary of state donald rumsfeld , said that rumsfeld could not be the chief of the cia .
with the disintegration of the soviet union , the soviet union has emerged in the international political stage .
the source said that the top - level " mini three links " are really not declaring that the kmt is not recognizing one china , and that the " mini three links " are not true .
first , china has achieved relatively outstanding successes in developing relations with various major powers .
sun yafu reiterated that the " three links " are direct links , but the one - china principle is only one - china , and the direct " three links " are not established under the one - china principle .
shen guofang : we are making a close cooperation mechanism and consultations on some major issues of the united nations . we will maintain close coordination and consultations on some major issues .
therefore , we should say that the overwhelming majority of the overwhelming majority of the people are gradually reducing weapons and reducing the weapons .
" whoever is in a highly difficult way , the greater the anti - china road will be exposed . "
it is learned that at present , china will invest some new nuclear power plants in the 10 th five - year plan period , and the nuclear power station will also invest some new nuclear power projects .
while making efforts to open up the international market , we must also make new achievements in opening up the international market .
china and india should further strengthen their cooperation in various fields and make due contributions to world peace and development .
the financial departments , finance , and civil aviation , civil aviation , and transportation departments cannot develop without the support of the financial sector , financial , financial , finance , and financial departments cannot be effective .
this is precisely the fact .
some people have met with the opposition of the " republic of kazakhstan " and other factions , and some people have also encountered opposition to the inside the organization of the outside world .
the city will continue to provide a powerful spiritual motive force for the founding of the new century and the spiritual civilization and the spiritual motive force for the modernization drive .
in his letter , powell , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff of staff , held that the us army was too much criticized by the clinton administration in his term of the joint chiefs of staff .
he said : since 1986 , the cpc has formally established a friendly relations with the syrian party , and the two countries have opened up new channels for the constant development of friendly relations between the two countries .
hu jintao thanked hu jintao for giving a briefing .
we emphasize that india and india have good - neighborly and friendly relations .
the issue of non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non - non non - " non - non - non - in the issue is now .
the major scientific research tasks of the scientific research work must be successful .
when the delegates attending the meeting , jiang zemin and other leading comrades from the central authorities attended the great hall of the people , and the people were warmly applauded .
we must accelerate the reform of agricultural science and technology and the system of agricultural science and technology , and the problem of agricultural science and technology innovation , and the reform of agricultural science and technology should be determined to speed up the pace of agricultural development .
thanks to the joint efforts of the leaders of the two countries , the friendly relations of cooperation between china and cyprus has been developing continuously .
however , some countries have also studied the us nmd ( the united states ) and some other countries , such as the us arms sales to taiwan , the united states , and the nmd system .
in order to develop space weapons , most of the country will also use space weapons to space warfare , space warfare , space warfare , and space warfare .
however , because of the " red - ii " system , the special combat system is only a monitor with a single - warning system , the <unk> of the battlefield , and the battlefield is just like a red - screen .
through the two years of arduous struggle , the dprk 's economy has gradually recovered the course of development and the financial crisis has gradually recovered from some countries .
li ruihuan , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting .
the chinese delegation highly praised the important role of the wto members ' efforts in promoting the process of the negotiations .
the relevant departments have applied to reporters to the reporters ' questions , and the reporters , and the relevant departments have applied to the application of the reporters to provide news and provide news for the application .
the following six methods : first , the method of the people have adopted methods : first , the method of taking measures to seek common ground .
many insightful people in the united states have warned that bush must handle the taiwan issue , especially the taiwan issue , to affect sino - us relations , and must prudently deal with the taiwan issue .
under the current cross - strait dialogue and negotiations , chen shui - bian 's cross - strait dialogue and negotiations have been favorable to the cross - strait stalemate .
in the course of strengthening urban management , it is necessary to attach importance to the management of cities and to the modernization of cities .
bush has put forward a plan of " invitation " from a child to a child - owned child to a child who is a child who has been a child who has been in a short - lived in the area .
the concept of the agreement between the two sides of the strait has become a concept of equality and a concept .
on 15 december , the city party committee member and government cadres , as well as the former public security bureau standing committee , the city party committee , and government organs , as the public security bureau , and judicial organs , were involved in the case .
chen yunlin stressed : " taiwan independence " means war .
however , over the past year , this organization has already possessed its true features , and its true features has far exceeded its true features , and its true features has far exceeded its true features .
facts have shown that " falungong " is now in a serious political , cultural , and religious activities , and cultural activities , and religious activities are being carried out in hong kong .
the two sides also exchanged views on the us issue of " falungong " and " national missile defense , " and other issues , " and the united states have had a friendly exchange of views on the " national missile defense system , " and other issues .
the " social security network " is the primary task of all countries in the world .
the united states should not implement the nmd plan , and will only make greater efforts to achieve greater results .
li hongzhi 's " falungong " practitioners are engaged in creating a life of death .
the basic strategy of the united states has basically been basically completed .
it is difficult to predict that emancipating thinking and seeking truth from facts can be said that " emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts " can be said that it is difficult to seek truth from facts .
the most serious and weaker child are victims who are victims who are victims .
is it a train who has been killed her .
innovation is the crystallization of the wisdom of the wisdom and innovation .
since hong kong 's visit to hong kong , some government officials have always engaged in contact with the relevant government organizations and organizations , and some agencies have never engaged in political activities .
the spokesman said : the united states hopes to see a part of relations with the dprk , and a hostile attitude , and a hostile attitude toward the dprk .
it has been learned that the units of xinjiang have carried out a study of " opposing superstition " and opposing superstition on the basis of opposing superstition and opposing superstition and opposing superstition .
at the same time , the vast numbers of cadres and masses of all ethnic groups in tibet have also sent a deep understanding of the nature of " falungong " to help the masses of people in the region to help the poor and animal husbandry of production and animal husbandry in farming and animal husbandry in farming and animal husbandry .
the article says : the " three links " between kinmen and matsu and fujian , matsu and fujian have persisted in promoting the " three links " between kinmen and matsu and fujian , " namely , " the " one - china principle is , direct , direct , " the direct " three links " between kinmen and matsu .
he said : after the " opinions " , we will conscientiously study the opinions of the " ( draft ) .
li hongzhi 's so - called " consummation " is a " that " falungong " is a ordinary person , but it is still more clear that li hongzhi is " falungong " is a " that is a " self - immolation can be attained .
he hoped that the forum will further expand exchanges in the field of cultural , educational , and other fields .
he said : the recent decade shows that taiwan businessmen have invested in the mainland , and taiwan businessmen have invested in the mainland .
the us government has already found a list of the fbi in the united states . some of these officials have already been involved in the case , and the us enterprises have already found a list of the fbi .
overseas chinese and ethnic chinese organizations have called on overseas chinese and ethnic chinese abroad to promote reunification , especially the " reunification of china . "
the headquarters of the headquarters and the headquarters of the headquarters in china will encourage multinational corporations to set up development centers .
the apec senior officials will be held in the apec meeting this year .
jiang zemin also briefed the guests on china 's current international situation and domestic situation .
in the competition structure , it is necessary to first of all to create conditions for fair competition , and to create a fair competition for the market , otherwise , the market will not be able to create a fair competition for the main body of industry .
reform is a systems engineering project engineering project .
according to sources , after the yuanhua smuggling case , the xiamen municipal cpc committee , secretary of the xiamen city cpc committee , was arrested by zhuang rushun , and others , who had been involved in the case involving lai changxing 's involvement in smuggling .
this was a serious mistake in the investigation of the case of the " <unk> team " that caused by the accident might be a serious accident .
for many years , china has provided tremendous support for cambodia 's economic construction and national reconciliation and national reconciliation , and has made tremendous efforts to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
when some experts have become the leading body of the units , he has become a " correct view " and has become a correct view of some units .
the spokesman said that the countries of the people 's republic of china and the countries should undertake this obligation to sign the communique on the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries and the establishment of diplomatic relations .
the education of the party organizations of the ningxia provincial party committee has adopted clear and meticulous measures to educate the " falungong " organization and to carry out ideological and political education in the legal system .
the reason why the " <unk> " was that the west was dead , and the injured were killed and injured were killed .
the current cross - strait relations may be very likely to lead to various political parties from taiwan to the end of this year .
from tomorrow , the beijing olympic bid has been conducting a preparatory work in all its members .
he did not mention the truth and falsehood !
before this test , the missile test will be conducted in march in march .
zhu bangzao pointed out that china 's position on the iraq issue is consistent .
the " falungong " practitioners are the common responsibility of the whole society , unite , and unite , and rescue the whole society .
legqog , executive deputy secretary of the regional party committee , and chairman of the regional government , attended the meeting and delivered an important speech .
in fact , some countries have indeed been very good for the united states and iran . the united states is indeed a small country , and some european countries are indeed capable of producing countries , and iran , and iraq is not a small number of nuclear weapons ?
the united states has long been afraid of being indifferent to the sense of urgency , and it is not worth it .
during this struggle , the criminal gang headed by fang jie and li <unk> , the public security organs seized a total of 12 cases of seizing the criminal gangs , seizing the resolute and decisive nature of the criminal gang .
the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> were seriously injured .
liu xiaoming also answered questions raised by the audience .
at the same time , we have made the changes in the township and town level in the rural areas according to the requirements of the market economic structure , improve the system of villagers ' committees , and promote the development of rural economy .
in the fields of energy , energy sources , energy , energy , energy , and energy sources will shift from beijing to energy sources , energy sources , energy sources , and energy sources .
after bush was elected , he would establish a system of a new defense system .
therefore , russia is a matter of fact , and the united states is trying to seek a greater room for maneuver .
<unk> pointed out that china has recently adopted many measures in legislation , legislation , legislation , and legislation , legislation , and legislation , protection of the protection of the international community , and so on , the issue of protecting china 's integrated circuits industry , and so on , the protection of legislation , are not included in many aspects of legislation .
li <unk> , vice president of guangdong , was in a banquet at the banquet .
it is learned that after the 16 th cpc congress , general secretary jiang zemin has not yet been relieved of his post as chairman of the central military commission , but he has not yet been relieved of his post as chairman of the central military commission .
deputy li <unk> , director of the lanzhou military region military region , said : " in the past , the past , the military region has frequently organized a large number of cadres to civilian cadres .
in this struggle , a large number of advanced collectives and individuals have emerged in this struggle .
development is the main theme of the times , and the key to solving all problems in china 's development .
we are heavy and heavy . "
over 200 years , the united states has been sentenced to death for more than 200 years . of these people were sentenced to death .
he said that the recent us media are frequently visiting china , and that the us media are frequently hostile to china , and that the us media are frequently hostile to china .
this is an important issue of strengthening and improving party building in the new period .
hu jintao expounded the importance of strengthening party building .
chen jinhua , vice chairman of the national people 's congress standing committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , and zhao nanqi , vice chairmen of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , attended the welcoming ceremony .
a reporter asked : now , what do you think that china has ratified the convention on the covenant ?
he said : the cppcc members resolutely support and handle the " falungong " issue and resolutely support the central authorities ' decisions and major decisions on the handling of the " falungong .
judging from the current stage , china has not completed its modernization drive .
member li <unk> proposed that the policy of the non - public sector should create a more favorable environment for the healthy development of the non - public economy and the healthy development of the non - public economy .
zeng jianhui made these remarks at a news conference held at the fourth session of the ninth npc .
we should vigorously strengthen the building of socialist spiritual civilization , promote the building of the legal system , promote the development of the socialist legal system , ensure social stability , and ensure social stability , and promote the development of the socialist legal system .
of course , what is the navy 's first - class destroyers to be made to be the first to be the navy ?
another example is that he is responsible for the scientific research of the law , not only is responsible for the scientific research but also a person who is responsible for his own life .
a reporter asked : " can the net profit of china 's economic growth be realized ? "
member li jinpei said : compared with the last few years , china 's agricultural infrastructure construction has achieved remarkable success in the rural areas .
member wang <unk> said : we should regard the development of the agricultural industry as the main pillar industry as the main pillar industry , and increase the income of peasants .
committee member li <unk> , li <unk> , li <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> respectively , members of the <unk> city , and <unk> respectively also spoke on the development of the urban and the reform of the financial system , the urban construction , the urban development .
he said : as a veteran industrial base , liaoning , liaoning , and liaoning are faced with many difficulties and problems .
entrusted by the state council , xiang huaicheng delivered a report on the draft budgets and the draft budgets for 2000 .
the report is a new version of the report .
he said that he is very important and that he should have different views and views on the spirit of the cppcc national committee and the same as he is very important .
the " outline " is the main step of the " three steps " and development strategy for china 's 10 th five - year plan .
this phenomenon is worrying to the phenomenon of being indifferent to the phenomenon of the phenomenon of the phenomenon of being indifferent to the phenomenon of the phenomenon of the treasury .
wang ruilin said : the key to promoting the building of the ranks of high - level cadres is to make a success of the important thinking of " three represents " and to build up a high - level leading cadre contingent with a very effective guide for the military modernization .
huang ju said : through the historical efforts of the people , shanghai has made initial achievements in the readjustment of the productive forces , the economic structure , structure , and the structural readjustment of the productive forces have been basically adjusted .
he said : since the beginning of reform and opening up , china has achieved tremendous successes in implementing the policy of opening up , economic , and cultural fields .
over the past year , the central government adopted various measures to crack down on crimes of cracking down on criminal forces , and effectively cracking down on criminal activities .
we should give full play to the greatest material and material and material and material foundation for the military personnel to win the greatest extent of winning the war .
he said : " the workers have always been working in the gate of the factory .
to promote the building of a strong force , we must " build a stronger force of strength . "
party committees and governments at all levels must effectively solve the problem of economic and social development , and the key to solving practical problems in science and technology .
if these problems are seriously affected , china 's modernization drive will be seriously affected .
we should implement the project of reducing the agricultural production projects in some projects , and increase the output of the output of the project to produce some projects .
they held that urbanization is an important decision to bring about urbanization in the new century .
we should strengthen the study and education of the " three stresses " education in enterprises .
last year , the npc standing committee adopted various forms of methods and adopted various forms of mass organizations , and took the initiative to give full play to the role of the marriage law , and have played a positive role in the process of the marriage law .
also present at the meeting were song jian , zhang <unk> , zhang <unk> , zhang <unk> , and li <unk> , executive vice chairman of the npc standing committee ; and yu <unk> , executive vice chairmen of the chinese people 's political consultative conference .
the meeting was held in the discussions of cppcc members , and became a topic of discussion .
deng xiaoping said : " whether we can succeed in reform our political system is successful .
<unk> , president of the hong kong international company , said : the largest scale of the new china market in the world is now becoming one of the largest companies in the largest sectors in hong kong .
as far as the us government is concerned , china 's military spending is more than the united states , and even more countries , and even more countries such as india , china 's military spending is less than the total military spending .
kim tae - chung also said that the united states will continue to make efforts to promote the dialogue and negotiations between the dprk and the rok and the rok , and the rok will make every step forward to the dialogues between the dprk and the rok .
although individuals have not been high income , their personal income wealth has become a " personal income " of social wealth .
at present , the socialist relations between ningxia and ningxia are developing , equality , mutual assistance , and mutual assistance have been constantly consolidated and developed .
in the face of the opportunities and challenges , we will not disappoint the expectations of the central people and the whole country .
china 's wto entry will enjoy a good international trade policy , enjoy a better treatment , and enjoy a better treatment of the rights of the wto , and enjoy a better international trade , and enjoy a better treatment for china 's foreign investors .
continue to develop processing trade and export processing technology , encourage enterprises to develop their products , and encourage foreign trade and export processing trade .
from " attracting foreign capital " to the outside world , " we have raised our opening up to the outside world .
shi guangsheng said : after china 's accession to the wto , hong kong and macao will not only have a positive impact on china 's economic development , but will also have a positive impact on the development of hong kong and macao .
bush 's election is also one of the issues that will be discussed in the middle east .
after receiving the order , the department of the ministry of land - air raid operations received a certain conditions for the time and time , the ministry of land - air - to - air missiles have completed the operation of the designated air missiles .
however , under the circumstances , everything is in the interest of the vast number of the masses , and the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people .
like a production system , it can be called " <unk> " if it can be integrated with production , it can be found in production .
while the ninth five - year plan period , liaoning will also sign a total of <unk> tree planting trees .
he disclosed that china 's accession to the wto will not be able to enter the new rules of china 's telecommunications industry .
only by seizing the opportunity to speed up development can we seize the opportunity to achieve leap - forward development and achieve leaps and bounds .
after the us government , the us government has developed relations .
the leading cadres who have failed to live in their homes and do not have any good job .
just like two chinese people , like japanese aggressors , like lee teng - hui , and japanese aggressors all were full of hope of china 's history and china .
therefore , the new us government will adopt a pragmatic and pragmatic attitude toward iran . therefore , it will gradually improve relations with iran .
if the bush administration is now facing the three major tests in the next two months , the two sides will face the tests of the two countries ' relations in the future .
first , china 's criminal law , and other criminal law were punished .
djibouti said that china is willing to further expand friendly cooperation with djibouti in various fields and to participate in the process of economic development and to participate in the process of djibouti 's economic development .
the fourth session of the ninth npc , the chinese people 's congress [ npc ] adopted the " amendment to the chinese economy " on foreign investment in china has further moved toward the outside world .
the basic social security system , the establishment of a social security system , and the socialization of the basic social security system , the support of enterprises , and services should be standardized .
comrade deng xiaoping was appointed chairman of the central committee .
even the visit to taiwan , li hongzhi even invited people to visit taiwan with high - level " high - grade " and even invited him to visit taiwan .
with the gradual improvement of the economic structure and the quality of the state 's total revenue and expenditure , the total amount of bad debts , especially the total revenue of state bonds , will not be improved .
we should further study and implement the policy measures of opening b - share market to the outside world , actively explore the ways of introducing foreign investors to attract foreign investors to invest in b - share markets , and make full use of b - share markets .
military scientific research personnel should include military scientific research personnel , military scientific research , and military scientific research personnel system , and military personnel system , and military personnel .
when the us financial crisis last year , they said that the united states was " welcomed by the asian financial crisis " and helped them to help them express their support . " this is because they are welcomed by the united states .
this kind of policy is that the united states has the best choice of implementing the " one china " policy , especially the best option for selling arms to taiwan , to taiwan , and reduce the united states ' offensive weapons .
since the birth of marxism , marxism has continually developed and practice , in practice , constantly studying new practice , and practice , and practice , thus continuously pushing forward the practice of the practice of the new situation and new situation in practice .
all measures can be adopted to be adopted .
the woman was <unk> to death . he was transferred to the <unk> .
we persist in " three links " at an early date , we uphold the principle of " one china , and promote the " three links " at an early date .
a teacher from the department of the <unk> told me : " i have many things .
all these are the tools of our country , and we should also be able to do anything !
the chinese embassy in yugoslavia has also been very indignant . since the incident , the us government has been paying a serious attention to the chinese people 's feelings , and the us government has also evoked a strong response from the south china sea .
beijing 's handling of the collision incident is a variable to the us military plane collision incident .
the us plane 's landing at china 's territorial airspace is the most absurd argument , and it is the us side 's permission to put forward a series of chinese planes to the us plane and to make a series of chinese territory .
in may last year , the united states and the united nations reached consensus on avoiding dangerous military actions in violation of the relevant convention on avoiding dangerous military actions of the sea .
just as chinese state president jiang zemin pointed out , the us side should apologize to the chinese people .
fifth , the central government should not handle the issue of protecting the chinese and american people , but they should not handle the issue of protecting the patriotic feelings of the people , and should not be dealt with .
the chinese government and people are friendly and sincere and friendly and just comments of the american people , including the chinese people , will obtain justice and justice .
the " kyoto protocol " is an important document that adopted by the international climate change , which has been contained by the united states in 1997 , and has attempted to reduce its own greenhouse gas emissions .
the japanese government announced that the right - wing history textbook was approved by the japanese rightwing academics were approved by the japanese government , and some scholars were even adopted by the history of aggression .
all countries in the south should become a big country , the north , south , and the south should become a big country .
then , president lagos hosted a ceremony in the presidential palace to welcome president jiang zemin .
because of the local hospital 's <unk> , they were injured .
all signs show that bush 's current election campaign has been in the current election , and the current situation has been uncertain .
<unk> , 6 apr ( xinhua ) - - chinese state president jiang zemin delivered a speech entitled " the united nations ' friendly cooperation committee of the united nations ' latin america and the economic and economic commission on 6 april 2000 , " entitled " the new century .
we urge the developing countries to consider the backward technological , and the backward countries to take into account the backward technologies , and the backward technological problems , and so on .
we believe that your visit to china in 1985 , your excellency has been very useful and will certainly promote sino - chilean friendly cooperation in many aspects . we believe that your visit will certainly promote the friendly and cooperative relations between china and chile .
beijing , 7 apr ( xinhua ) - - the national conference on the national work conference of public security held in april , the ministry of justice recently held a national conference to study and implement the spirit of the " strike hard " struggle .
while making use of the airports of chile , chile also expressed the hope that china will increase its investment in chile .
he said : chile has a good experience in the building of legal system and in many aspects .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping stepped down , argentine government officials and president fernando de la rua met with the argentine government officials and his wife wang yeping .
the cpc central committee 's decision to increase the number of candidates for the 16 - year - old party central committee members and the central committee members recently decided to discuss the issue of the party 's 16 th party congress and the next year - old party congress .
however , over the past few decades , japan has always kept a history of aggression and has always been a major issue in the world .
in this way , japan can see that china can see the world 's moving deeds .
history and the emergence of a more serious and brutal history of history can only prove clearly that it is not to see any sign or failure .
brazil , 11 april ( xinhua ) - - brazil is the largest developing country in china and brazil .
some people say that the united states is mainly divided into the world economy , and this is mainly because of the environment .
now , the " strike hard " campaign is more than the past , and the key link of preserving social stability and the overall national security is still more serious than the past .
we must effectively implement the " strike hard " campaign , " and " strike hard " and put the investigation into effect of the " strike - hard " campaign , " and effectively transform the criminal cases of all types of cases .
the letter was sent by the voice of wang wei , the navy , the voice of the navy , and the letter of the letter of the letter sent a letter to wang wei , and sent a letter to the dormitory to the dormitory , and sent people to the dormitory to the dormitory .
chinese ambassador to the united states yang jiechi said that " the chinese side had sincere regret over the missing chinese side , and the us government , and chinese ambassador to china joseph prueher , and chinese ambassador to the us president bush , and chinese ambassador to the letter of sorry .
both sides have obtained the spirit of " win - win " and can bring into full play the results of the consultation and cooperation between the two sides .
in other words , the aegis combat system is not completely feasible . however , taiwan may have the " aegis " combat " aegis " destroyers .
once the prc is involved in this sensitive issue , it will be beneficial to the chinese communists ' relations with the united states .
if the aegis combat system is so advanced , what kind of aegis combat will be ?
china 's economic and social development is still very arduous , but we are confident that our country will achieve its economic development goals .
wang wei 's officers and men of the whole army are worthy of the study of wang wei .
the state investment in the same period of last year was a rather low , and the investment rate was to increase in the increased by a certain state bond - invested projects .
only after the taiwan authorities took office in 1996 , the " no haste , be patient " policy was only a rising trend .
the chinese side has taken a responsibility to conduct military surveillance and surveillance on the chinese side .
we should not think of the people , but should not be good at the same time .
the guangzhou military region conducted a exploration of exploration in the communications regiment .
the " convention on civil and political rights " have signed the " convention on civil and political rights , economic , and international covenant on civil rights , and all forms of racial discrimination and all forms .
the three cases of robbery and rape are : sichuan , henan , sichuan , and henan , and other people are killed in three robbery and killing cases .
some state - owned enterprises have already been very serious . some state - owned enterprises have already caused serious losses to state assets and have caused serious losses .
the criminal gang is also spreading of explosives and firearms and ammunition that caused by the harm of explosives and firearms and ammunition , including murder and killing people , and other people , and illegally sold guns .
when he was a native of <unk> , a native of <unk> county , a native of <unk> county , was a native of <unk> town , a native of <unk> county , was arrested . when he was in the next year . he was a year - old man . he was a " studied . "
in addition , the planes of the us military reconnaissance plane entered a " military plane , " and " one country , " and " military planes , " and a sovereign state sovereignty " were frequently bombed and provocative !
a few days ago , the yunnan provincial military region leaders decided to strengthen leadership over the work of the " five provinces ( autonomous regions , " ) , the xinjiang , guizhou , and yunnan province , and yunnan province government leaders decided to strengthen leadership over the work of the people 's air defense .
the healthy and steady development of sino - japanese relations not only conform to the fundamental interests of the two peoples , but also benefits world peace and stability .
however , since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states , the united states has not strictly fulfilled its obligations .
china is a good party .
- - - we should have a nation 's cohesive force .
zhang qiyue said : china has always opposed the visit of the yasukuni shrine .
otherwise , the consequences will only be caused by the us side .
during this exercise , the taiwan military also took the opportunity to put into play the role of the " decisive battle " of the weapons of the taiwan military , and to use the offensive weapons to use the offensive weapons , and to use the offensive weapons of various weapons to attack capabilities of the taiwan , and to put into effect a new type of combat capability .
in the evening , li hongzhi has spent extremely honored time to study the " falun gong " organization .
he said : china and the eu countries have maintained good relations and hope that this friendly relations will be further strengthened .
he said that china is fully confident in the economic development and is fully confident that the two sides have attained in their confidence in economic construction and cooperation in various fields , and they are fully confident in the future .
they used the " falungong " to make a fresh start , and used them to accept the influence of other important things , and make them an ever - increasing influence .
people have noticed that the bush administration is now considering the policy of the third incident .
however , the new leader of the taiwan authorities has repeatedly denied the one - china principle and has repeatedly denied the consensus reached by the two associations .
the editorial holds that if the first step is not , the " consensus " will be lowered , then the most doubtful points of the people will be able to get rid of misunderstanding and <unk> .
tang jiaxuan and his entourage arrived in moscow on 27 july for a formal visit to ukraine after concluding an official visit to ukraine .
further strengthen the legal system and education and management of personnel at all levels , and further strengthen the legal system , and the personnel of the personnel of the leading cadres , and personnel of the personnel of the leading cadres .
i hope you will become a truth of truth and pursue innovations .
at present , the economic growth of the developing countries , particularly the global economy , will inevitably affect mutual dependence and mutual dependence on the economies of the countries , and the economies of the countries , and the major powers of the countries .
however , at least any time , the tendency of the situation should be observed in the short term .
the taiwan authorities strongly demands that the taiwan authorities would resume talks as soon as possible , and improve cross - strait relations , and resume talks as soon as possible .
the material for smuggled cd products were smuggled .
i would like to know that the peasants ' son had not been able to work in the past years . i would have been so much about my son .
in the entire work of smuggling , customs , customs , customs , and customs offices have played a very important role in the entire work of smuggling .
however , because of the conditions of peasants ' livelihood , many difficulties are still not difficult .
bush said : " we need to establish a new framework of global missile defense system , so that we can deal with various threats . "
the so - called " confrontation " is unpopular and confrontation is unpopular .
we have learned that the us religious circles have the right to believe that the freedom of religious belief is not to truly protect freedom of religious belief .
according to sources , after taking office , the united states has been trying to turn china into a strategic competitor , and even the united states has been trying to give rise to the consensus of the three opponents .
now , bush 's " abm treaty " is obviously aimed at destroying global security and is the cornerstone of implementing this treaty . this is obviously a new arms race .
he stressed that china will establish good - neighborly , friendly , and cooperative relations with india .
here , president jiang zemin , president of the people 's republic of china , announced here here that the chinese government resumed its sovereignty over hong kong 's internal affairs , and resumed its exercise of sovereignty over the whole world .
on the one hand , the other hand , the foreign exchange funds are relatively low . on the one hand , the other hand , the foreign exchange reserves of foreign exchange funds are relatively low . on the other hand , the other hand , the foreign exchange reserves of capital is relatively low .
to avoid the impact of asian countries , asian countries should strive to establish a unified market for the purpose of establishing a unified market for the asian financial market .
the deepening of cooperation between the two sides of the strait has promoted mutual exchanges and cooperation between the two sides of the strait .
the purpose of the chinese side has been to maintain contact and negotiations with all sides in geneva to maintain contact and resolve these issues .
the newly established federation of chinese descent in new york , which was founded in new york , was founded by the federation of overseas chinese , was set up by the federation of chinese and overseas chinese , was founded in new york .
yunnan province held a court of 500,000 yuan , and confiscated the yuan of 500,000 yuan , and the court sentenced him to death for the first time .
china has not reached any agreement on how to return the us plane .
fourth , the " national defense education law " and the " national defense education law " will also provide a legal basis for the " national defense education law enforcement and the relevant laws and regulations for the enforcement of the " national defense education law enforcement .
some media have recently given a host of remarks and a host of remarks on the us media including chinese and american media .
the main purpose of this visit is to further consolidate and strengthen the traditional friendship and cooperation with the leaders of the countries and the two sides on bilateral relations and international and regional issues of common concern .
premier zhu rongji made a written speech at the airport .
finance ministers hold that the finance ministers will continue to reflect this .
the chinese government is willing to make efforts to promote economic development , and to actively participate in the economic development plan for the chinese enterprises .
judging from the long term point of view , india is only a big issue in the world , whether india will become a " big conflict " between the united states and india .
bush , who was in office , had been asked to convey his concrete letter to bush , and asked vajpayee to convey his knowledge about his dream of the bush .
after the end of the 20 th century , the united states and india finally opened up a chapter in sino - indian relations and cooperation .
in order to guarantee the freedom of religious belief , the central government and local governments have fully used religious believers to guarantee freedom of religious belief and to ensure the stability and freedom of religious belief .
the problem of water shortage is of great significance in the overall situation of the water diversion of the country , especially the water areas of the water areas , water , water , and the water diversion of water areas in beijing .
accompanying li lanqing on his inspection tour were responsible persons of relevant departments , including li lanqing , li lanqing , and li lanqing .
this was very bad because of the " two states theory " and the other two years ago .
with the constant development of human society , the capability of human society has shown a great extent .
huang ju 's advanced deeds of the whole army , and the young people of the whole army , also urged the study of the advanced studies of the whole army to study .
zhejiang province has also been <unk> .
after the struggle against " independence " and promoting reunification in 1996 , the two sides of the strait have become increasingly acute .
they have adopted a technical training method , such as " mobile training , " training , and training , and training for mobile support , and training .
if the nmd plan is undermined , the process of global strategic balance and cooperation will trigger a new round of arms race , damage , damage the global strategic balance and stability and trigger a new round of arms race .
the beautiful and beautiful scenery of your country have a long history of great importance and rich resources .
according to reports , the most of the people on the island have been living in the past seven years since the administration took office , and the government has been trying to seek an average of <unk> million people .
such a very important thing is to promptly replenish this kind of promptly .
in march this year , the taiwan authorities have openly supported " taiwan independence " elements in the island , and the island will be in the island of taiwan .
the group of various provinces and municipalities conducted concentrated training before they took place .
for this reason , we are conducting a telephone interview with tibet 's xizang ribao reporter on the qinghai - tibet highway .
however , there exist many differences in the national conditions of the two sides , and the two sides have different social systems , and on many major international issues .
over the past 50 years , the central government and people of all nationalities throughout the country have been paying great attention to developing and developing the tibet .
after the cold war , confrontation between the people of all countries have become the common wish of the people of all countries in the world .
also attending the meeting were npc standing committee chairman li peng , chairman of the cppcc national committee , and wang <unk> , vice chairman of the regional people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] .
we agreed to promote the comprehensive cooperation between the two sides last year and will push forward the all - round cooperation between the two sides . "
china has become the largest country in latin america 's economic cooperation with latin america and has become the largest country in latin america .
he was clearly aware of his performance .
if cross - strait relations are not only a simple foundation , it will not be possible for cross - strait contact and negotiations , it will not be possible for cross - strait relations to become a foundation for peaceful reunification , and the one - china principle will not be a basis for cross - strait contact .
for example , the " aircraft carrier " has already outdated aircraft carrier , and the traditional carrier has outdated tanks .
kim tae - chung highly praised the chinese side for the south korean peninsula , in particular , has been highly praised by the chinese side in the policy of maintaining peace and stability in the korean peninsula , and has been determined by the chinese side in the rok .
for this reason , the fourth five - year plan for propaganda and education should be formulated for the legal system .
li peng highly praised the positive progress made in the relations between the two countries and the two countries in the last 10 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations , and expressed appreciation for the positive contributions to promoting the relations between the two countries .
jiang chunyun said : in recent years , the all - round way , the all - china association has advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced individuals and advanced individuals , and all - round work in various localities , and all localities have also put the work of improving the overall quality of the entire country .
jiang chunyun also pointed out that the association of the association of promoting work should be done in promoting the work of the association .
reporters asked him to pass the reporters .
for the small and medium - sized and small forces , the policies of the small number of hostile forces in the small number of hostile forces have been adopted in the reform of the " small " and small , " and the impact of the hostile forces in the reform of the economy .
we firmly believe that the party 's problems encountered in the course of reform should be resolved in some contradictions and problems .
where is the united states to lead the world to a new military strategy ?
whether or not leading cadres can squarely face the test of the problem squarely and face the severe test of the problem lies .
in his speech , hu jintao expounded some basic characteristics of the current international situation and expounded some basic characteristics .
li peng stressed : the organic law of the party 's rural areas has laid a firm foundation for consolidating and implementing the party 's basic line , and has strengthened the confidence of the masses of peasants , and has established a firm foundation for building socialism with chinese characteristics .
the departments concerned should personally study the key points of the work of solving the problems , especially the localities , and departments concerned , and the localities , to ensure the implementation of the policies and measures for the resettlement of demobilized military cadres , and to ensure the implementation of the relevant policies .
bush said that trade between the united states and china will help us - chinese trade and american enterprises .
the right - wing forces have been reduced to a stage of war , and the right - wing forces have been cast aside by japan 's right - wing forces .
these moves have shown china 's determination to uphold the policy of reform and opening up , and has positively promoted the process of multilateral trade liberalization , and has effectively promoted china 's policy of opening up .
many insightful people in taiwan have already been able to have this point .
after receiving medical treatment , he was still more than 4 students in the hospital . he said that the japanese army was surrounded by the students . he was the first medical personnel of the injured . he was the hospital . he was the first victim of the injured .
the meeting said : another agenda is , how to promote economic and technological cooperation , and technical cooperation plans , and action plans for apec members to take action plans to promote the implementation of the apec - related action plan .
recently , more than 10 people have killed and injured . they have been injured .
however , the achievements of the peace talks are not easy .
when it was up , it was 10 times that the strength of production has increased by 10 times .
experts believe that the government should create jobs for the jobs and the jobs of the government .
prior to this , republican party republican party candidate jeffords also said that the republican party may vote on the republican party , because of the republican party may vote recount more votes .
according to a report , the " special combat exercise " will be the only th brigade 's combat capability to conduct a special combat exercise in central and central asia and central europe .
the japanese government also announced that the rok 's import products would not only stop from china 's import commodities , but also provide relevant products to the rok .
question : how should the publicity of cult publicity to the " regulations " and propaganda departments be published , to explain , to the regulations , and to be propaganda and to be propaganda ?
apart from the above , the two " dushanbe declaration " and " issued a statement on the " dushanbe declaration " and the " dushanbe declaration . "
the united states is always considered the most important policy of the national interests of the united states .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , the economic structure , the state 's economic structure , and the masses have undergone profound changes in the economic structure .
the great cultural revolution and the " great cultural revolution " is the " two great cultural revolution .
he said : " how to build socialism with china is a socialist country with a socialist construction . "
to strengthen the ideological and political work , we must strengthen our ideals and convictions .
" you have been afraid of you ! "
president jiang zemin and his delegation also met with reporters of the heads of state of the six countries and also attended the luncheon of the heads of state of the six nations .
shanghai , 15 jun ( xinhua ) - - foreign minister tang <unk> , who is scheduled to complete the " shanghai cooperation organization , " said today that the meeting has achieved complete success in all fields of cooperation , and achieved complete success .
he said : this principle is in keeping with the interests of the people and the state and the people .
shanghai has a bright future development of the " shanghai cooperation organization " and the spirit of " shanghai cooperation . "
we should conduct a strict crackdown on credit and use of foreign exchange funds to deal with foreign exchange business activities , and to deal with the problem of obtaining credit .
the most of the government is " limited " because the government 's limited resources are limited , the majority of the enterprises are still very limited , and the greatest opportunities for the development of the domestic resources are very limited .
second , we should actively organize the masses to develop diversified production and operations in the drought - stricken areas .
although the chinese communists have not yet taken note of the same stand , they should also consider the tendency of the united front , and even though they have not supported the tendency of the chinese communists ' political views , the government 's stand of the united front .
in recent years , the friendly cooperation between the two countries has been constantly expanded .
in this kind of nuclear weapons , the us military has not been able to use the weapons to resist the invasion of the us military , but it is necessary to leave taiwan for the us to leave the ground force to leave the ground for the long - term strategic deterrence .
how should china play a bigger role in the capital market and the capital market ?
( 5 ) it is necessary to continue to improve the system of civil service system .
the pfp also expressed opposition to the people first party .
many provinces have been dismissed from cadres .
the research institute of the academy of military sciences said that the two wars have decided to decide whether or not the two wars are not the history of the strategic weapons .
during the past few days , german business circles met with german businessmen , german business circles , and economic circles have had extensive contacts with him .
this kind of view is worth pondering .
ivanov is russian foreign minister igor ivanov .
from 7 to 12 to 12 years , the united states and russia agreed to deploy nuclear warheads , and the number of nuclear warheads will further reduce the number of nuclear warheads .
rumsfeld 's current military strategy is to give priority to the us national interests , but it is necessary to focus on coping with this important military strategy , and to " major military potential " and " major hidden dangers in asia . "
however , lee teng - hui has indeed played an alliance , and has indeed played a role in the form of a alliance .
beijing , 15 jun ( xinhua ) - - on the eve of the eve of the supreme people 's court , the supreme people 's court announced four major cases of " theft of drug - related crimes , " which were severely punished by the supreme people 's court .
on the eve of this year , jia chunwang , minister of public security , met with the ministry of public security , minister of public security , and minister of public security , on the " international narcotics control " this reporter 's question .
he stressed : the united states and china should work together to improve and develop this relationship .
the pace of optimization and upgrading industries has promoted the optimization and upgrading of industrial structure .
on the spot , another round of the demonstrators and the demonstration of the demonstrators from the demonstration , the demonstrators and the demonstration was checked from the demonstrators to the demonstration .
the success of the road will be successful .
he hoped that the visit would further promote the development of the relations between the two countries and militaries of the two countries in the new century .
shanghai , 29 jun ( xinhua ) - - the cpc 's solemn and just solemnly held a grand rally this afternoon to mark the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the cpc .
to carry out the party 's ideological and political education , it is necessary to comprehensively carry out the party 's organizational and organizational work style , organizational , organizational , organizational , organizational , organizational , and organizational work style , and organizational building .
li peng said : china attaches importance to the united states attaches importance to its relations with the united states and hopes to play an important role in promoting the relations between the two countries .
in recent days , the navy 's " qingdao " ships are carrying out training on the sea training , and the ships are advancing on the sea .
if the aircraft collision incident clearly shows that the united states has created tremendous damage to china 's international interests , it will certainly cause enormous damage to china 's international interests .
the overall level of informationization is not high enough .
second , we must continue to implement the regulations on the reform of the system of " two lines " and the system of fiscal expenditure , " and continue to implement the system of fiscal and expenditure , and intensify the reform of the collection and payment system of fiscal expenditure , and expenditure , and implement the system of fiscal revenue and expenditure .
the propaganda department of the party committees of the propaganda department of the central organization department , the organization department , and the regional party committee , and the regional united front work department also attended the study class .
party committees and party committees at all levels have attached great importance to the economic conditions , and have been very good , and good , and favorable conditions .
jiang zemin warmly welcomed the arab parliament to visit china in the middle east , and the arab parliament , and the arab national assembly held a cordial and friendly conversation .
she hoped that the government entrepreneurs will continue to reflect the opinions and suggestions of the chinese enterprises and enterprises in the future , and hoped that the chinese enterprises will continue to give play to their role in the future .
some people have been stepping up the media 's efforts to encourage people to make investment in the media to make investment in the business .
in this aspect , the united states has adopted some military policy to develop japan , and even more than 1 percent of the united states .
the two countries will further expand exchanges and cooperation in the military field , as represented by the two countries ' decision to further expand the scope of cooperation in the military field .
we should encourage officers and soldiers to work in impoverished areas , and to encourage them to work in poverty relief and development .
responsible persons of relevant departments and the cppcc committees and the relevant departments attended the meeting as observers .
on the evening of 9 november , vice chairman jiang chunyun and vice chairman of the dprk supreme people 's assembly , held a banquet at the banquet of the dprk supreme people 's assembly hall , and held a banquet at the banquet held by kim chong - il - hui .
he said : the chinese government is a good thing for beijing 's success in bidding for the 2008 olympic games .
third , it is necessary to strengthen the judicial and legal system in the aspect of law enforcement .
at the same time , the central authorities under the provincial level have been promoted by the provincial level of prices and the central authorities , and the prices of the provincial - level prices of the provincial - level prices of the provincial - level prices are under the central authorities .
to maintain the advanced nature of the " three represents , " we must comprehensively strengthen party building according to the requirements of the " three represents .
the arats has done much to handle cross - strait relations and to handle the issues of common concern of the taiwan compatriots and people of all walks of life in this regard .
he said : the basic principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " is the basic principle of the taiwan issue .
if the mainland side is to contact with taiwan , then taiwan will have no alternative but to contact with all kinds of " official organizations " nongovernmental organizations .
why is it that the " one country , two systems " can the international community obtain high - level " international performance ?
people were walking in the <unk> of the <unk> , and the <unk> of the <unk> of the <unk> of the <unk> .
the eu official said that japan cannot understand the attitude of the " kyoto protocol " and that the eu countries cannot understand the attitude of the protocol .
the article says : the two countries should promote the development of the economic cooperation treaty .
the history of the war of aggression has already hurt the feelings of the people of asian countries and has greatly hurt the feelings of the people of the japanese people .
the orientation of china and russia have further defined the direction of the strategic cooperation between china and russia .
wu jinglian said : as long as the chinese government continues to implement this policy , the proactive fiscal policy will continue to grow in a positive way , and the chinese economy will continue to grow steadily .
we must pay attention to preventing the problem of crop cultivation and increase the peasants ' incomes in the " spring " this year " and " increase the income of peasants . "
it has been learned that following the trial of the case , the criminal law has been punished by the " protective umbrella " of more than 1,000 suspected of being punished .
in short - term loans , the total amount of loans increased by <unk> trillion yuan , up <unk> trillion yuan , up <unk> trillion yuan , up by <unk> trillion yuan .
however , this is a matter of great historical mission , and the most important task of our party is to further build our party into a creative undertaking .
in recent years , the research institute of science and technology has provided a powerful support for our military 's technological achievements in the building of a large number of new type of weaponry .
it is learned that as a " observer , " i have to participate in the un - to - state discussion this year , i will have to participate in the internal affairs of the united nations .
the province has attached great importance to the case of the past 50 months , and the provincial government has been paying great attention to the case of the case in the first five months of this year .
judging from the corresponding period of the first half of this year , investment in fixed assets increased by <unk> percent over the same period of last year , an increase of <unk> percent over the same period .
ye zhen pointed out that the problems of the economic growth should be highly valued by the problems of the current growth and the role of the contradictions .
the " digital communications " will be managed to be completed in the designated area of equipment management , and the equipment management center , and the equipment management center will be equipped with various kinds of equipment management equipment management departments at any time .
after the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] was forced to power , he was forced to resign in a state of " opposition " and " four opposition parties , " the dpp government was forced to resign out of power in taiwan , and the " political situation .
to bring about the united states ' " taiwan " and the united states ' " policy toward taiwan , chen shui - bian has displayed a firm footing on the mainland , and the united states will play a more bargaining counter to its goal .
in august 2000 , he claimed that the first trip would be given to the new " new regime " to the old regime , " which would increase the aid of the old regime in the old fiscal year .
on the contrary , the contrary , the words of the deeds of president chen shui - bian , including the united states , has frequently emerged in the presidential palace .
the recent stage has also shown that the majority of troops can help to improve their combat structure and support capabilities of the majority of troops in combat units .
wang zhaoguo , deputy director of the central military commission , and political commissar of the tibet autonomous region , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , and wang zhaoguo , political commissar of the chengdu military region , and military region , attended the meeting .
fourth , the taiwan government has continued to " continue to do so . "
the two sides had extensive and in - depth exchange of views on sino - uruguayan relations and international and regional issues of common concern .
second , the so - called instability in asia has created instability in the spearhead of creating instability in asia .
the us government must take the course of the outbreak of war , " the taiwan strait will be facing the final outcome of war . "
the mainland is willing to further improve cross - strait relations and to taiwan compatriots , and the mainland are willing to further understand these important opportunities .
facts have proved that the fundamental thing is to be done .
while intensifying the market order , we should adopt a sound regulation and control of law enforcement , and gradually establish and improve the mechanism of law enforcement , and gradually establish and standardize the market economic order .
the current development of globalization is beneficial to international capital and capital , and the experiences of capital flow of capital .
the main theme of the first two - year 2000 was to speed up the pace of the gradual enhancement of accounting system , and the number of scholars were originally prepared for the first half of the century .
the economic recession in the taiwan region , the economy , the economy of the rok , japan , and the rok 's stock market , the economy has a big impact , and the financial crisis , and the economy has even affected .
he pointed out that china 's wto accession is a beneficial trade and investment in asean , because this is a beneficial to china 's economic development and trade with asean .
powell arrived in beijing on the evening of january to begin his special plane .
in terms of technology , many people are quite poor .
this was learned that the jiangsu provincial public security work conference convened in the early stage of the coastal defense management of the coastal areas in the coastal areas in the coastal areas of fujian province .
the outstanding representatives of the leading cadres of the new period is the beginning of the new period .
the core of the party and the state are the core of the people 's liberation army , and the people 's liberation army , and the people must consciously maintain and consciously maintain the political superiority of the party and the state .
in recent years , many large companies have to understand and develop a number of large companies and enterprise groups .
the important thinking of " three represents " is the fundamental requirement of the times and the party 's advanced nature , and it is a fundamental requirement for maintaining the advanced nature of the times .
the second anniversary of the founding of the chinese navy , the navy , the second artillery corps , the navy , the second artillery corps , the founding of the chinese navy , the navy , and the second artillery corps .
we must strictly enforce the spirit of the central authorities ' policy of " preventing and prevent the issue of preventing the motherland from being strict with the spirit of the " being strict in the party .
in fact , this is because the kmt has been standing in the case of its own image , and it has been very unusual .
reporter : will we resolutely oppose the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces in the name of safeguarding the world 's absolute leadership over the party 's absolute leadership over the country next year ?
in the 1980 s , the party 's absolute leadership over the army has persistently worked hard to fulfill the tasks of fighting a large number of tasks , and this is a great manifestation of the party 's absolute leadership over the army .
veteran comrades said : as a veteran comrades of the whole party , we must seriously study and understand the spirit of general secretary jiang 's important speech , resolutely oppose the 1 july speech , and resolutely oppose the 1 july speech , and resolutely oppose the 1 july speech .
during his visit to washington , powell also invited foreign minister tang jiaxuan to visit washington at the annual meeting of the chinese and us foreign ministers have met with the opportunity to visit washington .
the us economy is still more serious , and japan 's economy is faced with the serious threat of the united states .
from 1993 to 1993 , i can obtain permission from my visit to the mainland .
this is an important historical fact that human civilization is in the history of mankind .
although biden is still in the us democratization , it is still a democratic progressive party that taiwan is in the united states .
we must ensure that the system of " regulations " and the system of supervision and inspection and supervision of cadres should be carried out in a down - to - earth manner , and ensure that the system of supervision and the cadre appointment will be carried out in a down - to - earth manner .
in the final analysis , the development of the socialist system is a problem of self - improvement and development .
the war criminals of the far east and the war is the right to be sentenced to the war of the far east , and the war criminals of the war , and the war of the international military tribunal for the far east .
second , it is necessary to uphold the party 's experiences and experiences and experiences in the chinese nation , and it must uphold the characteristics of the chinese nation and the outstanding achievements of the chinese nation .
at the same time , the overwhelming majority of the world 's economic development has provided a historical opportunity for the development of socialism and the global economy .
question : what new stipulations should be intensified in the " regulations " and the revised " regulations on the enforcement of the law - enforcement and law - enforcement behavior in the enforcement of the law ?
zhao guanghua said that after the amendments to the customs law , customs and customs offices have been revised in the general law , and the general customs have been revised .
practice has proven that in the practice of overseas chinese companies , we must increase the ability to increase our country 's foreign petroleum and oil resources to increase our country 's investment in oil - producing countries .
people cannot help asking : what is lee teng - hui 's idea ?
however , this agreement has drawn the attention of the united states and russia , which has attracted the attention of all sides .
a research group of the research group of scientists , said : " this is a part of china 's human genome project . "
i often discussed some major issues with the democratic parties .
the so - called " sword " of the " military personnel " will become a " <unk> " for the purpose of " saving " and " heaven " and " heaven .
the war of aggression is a major country that has been accused of the " war of aggression " and " war of aggression , " and even the japanese armed forces are all concerned about the war of aggression .
although the japanese side has said that although the " 10 th five - year plan " is hardly a nuclear war , it is difficult to tell the japanese prime minister 's attention to the japanese side .
during world war ii , the japanese militarists brought calamity to the people of asian countries and the victims of militarism , which brought disasters to the japanese people .
sixth , it is necessary to rectify the printing industry .
the most revolutionary party is the most reliable and glorious and reliable market in the history of the new democratic revolution , and the peasants have always been the most reliable and reliable and reliable goal of development in the new democratic revolution .
it is reported that the chinese ministry of public security has already provided a more effective method for the chinese ministry of public security ( <unk> ) to provide more effective methods for the chinese companies to take effective measures to take as soon as possible .
shanghai , 14 jun ( xinhua ) - - the shanghai police recently revealed that the police cracked a case of " shanghai triad - related crimes " in shanghai .
after the night of the shanghai police station , the police quickly promptly asked the police to promptly stop the transmission of the situation .
he said : " we will bring many problems to us . "
a member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and member of the national people 's congress also said that the problem of sending a message is quite a few more confident in beidaihe .
bush announced that the two sides should not unilaterally take part in the relations with the north korean peninsula , but should actively take part in the security of the balkans and actively participate in the middle east affairs .
it has been learned that the " regulations on commercial banks , " and other commercial banks , the regulations on exchanges and cooperation between commercial banks and commercial banks and commercial banks , and the authorities have set forth explicit stipulations on supervision and management .
the vast expanse of the vast sea area of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast sea area is moving toward the vast , and the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast expanse of the vast sea , and the vast numbers of the planes .
this is a " <unk> " of the route .
therefore , the us national security council holds that after the cold war , the united states will increase investment in the asia - pacific region .
in the past 10 years , the united states has been making japan a " soft landing " and economic growth , but this has enabled japan to go even more to go to japan to its economic growth .
the draft amendment to the draft amendment to the law on prevention and control of the draft law on prevention and control over the sea waters , the draft revised draft law on prevention and control has once again been submitted to the draft amendment to the law on prevention and control .
because of the reasons , the domestic commodity prices are not stopped , the products will be stopped by the domestic commodity prices .
the non - public sector is a positive force for promoting economic development and social progress .
this model is not a standardized economic growth , but a standardized model for economic growth .
according to sources , the meeting has already become a policy decision to discuss the policy decisions of expanding domestic demand .
as china 's wto accession , chen shui - bian will not change this trend because taiwan businessmen 's mainland policy will not change their policies toward the mainland .
zhu rongji pointed out : human society is a social phenomenon .
tian zengpei said : china maintains that building a nuclear country is an effective way to prevent nuclear proliferation .
as for the united states , i am sure that if the united states and britain 's words and deeds are attracted the attention of the united states , it will be widely known as the united states and britain , and other countries will have a positive attitude toward the united nations .
( 1 ) conscientiously studying and comprehending the spirit of the " speech " is an important task of the entire party , and is to resolutely grasp the long - term task of the whole party .
the basic investment funds are basically established in china . the investment funds are basically basically established .
it is precisely under this background that bush has to adjust his foreign policy , some of the latter is not necessarily trying to make some concessions .
the overwhelming majority of countries have left over from china 's border areas and have resolved the border issue left over from china .
